0 comprehensive AIDS vaccine research initiative
1 Some react fine to vaccines, others are paralysed or killed.
2 Well, we've asked them to accelerate whatever they're doing, in terms of a vaccine, absolutely,
3 It is not a race between vaccine producers, it is a race against this particular virus,
4 I am only hopeful that when we start studying some of these new vaccines, pregnant women are included, not as part of phase 4 but earlier.
5 I think we all have never wanted science to work so quickly. But until there's either a vaccine, some sort of pharmaceutical intervention, or herd immunity, the science is the science.
6 This study is really important because it says that if you implement screening and vaccination programs right now in 2020, that improvements in screening coverage would have a bigger impact on prevention of invasive cancer and associated death,
7 Thousands fewer women will be diagnosed with cervical cancer as a result of improved screening services and the HPV vaccine and it's incredible to think that cervical cancer could be eradicated for good.
8 We'll have a drug fairly soon but the vaccine will take longer. When SARS happened it took 20 months to have a vaccine into humans,
9 We've got six children and we don't vaccinate, we don't do vaccinations on all of our children. So we definitely pick and choose which ones we're going to do. It's got to be up to the parents, we can never mandate that.
10 Because there is no vaccine, cure, or effective treatment for COVID-19, the only known way to protect against serious illness or death caused by the novel coronavirus is social distancing coupled with strict hygiene, both of which are virtually impossible in a detention setting. For those reasons, correctional public health experts recommend the immediate release of those who are vulnerable to suffering the most acutely from COVID-19, as well as drastic reductions in the number of people detained.
11 First there is the need to manufacture the vaccine for clinical studies under tightly controlled conditions, certified and qualified -- we need ethical approval and regulatory approval. Then the clinical trial can start with 500 people in phase 1. This is always in healthy adults aged about 18 to 55, and usually the primary read-out from a phase 1 study is safety,
12 Investigators are working on vaccines, on antiviral therapies, on diagnostic strategies, and on how we can inactivate the virus on surfaces. We're trying to tackle this problem from every angle we can.
13 It will also assist in the assessment of [ the ] effectiveness of trial vaccines.
14 We are focused on meeting the [ National Institutes of Health's ] timeline for delivery of the vaccine for use in the phase 1 human clinical trials.
15 Beyond the public health impacts, it's also important to think about the cost of our low vaccination rates,
16 From my perspective today, I do not see how we are going to have large gatherings of people again until we have a vaccine, which is months and months away,
17 These comments are extremely unhelpful. It may well be a new vaccine that halts COVID-19 and saves millions of lives around the world. Vaccines are one of the great success stories of modern medicine but the rise of the anti-vaxxer trend has led to unfounded doubts about the safety of vaccinations.
18 This decisive action and financial support from the UK Government comes at a pivotal moment for a world that is in crisis. The UK has a long history of global health leadership and, today, the UK is once again stepping up as a global leader in its support CEPI and our crucial work to accelerate the development of a vaccine against COVID-19,
19 We are commencing a study in the near future, initially planned for about 1,000 healthcare workers, but with plans to rapidly expand to multiple sites as the demand increases. We will vaccinate healthcare workers at highest risk first, such as those who work in emergency centers, ICUs and watch for how protective the vaccine proves. Clearly the data will be monitored and will be done under the auspices of regulatory bodies including the FDA.
20 We could have these waves of flare ups, controls, flare ups and controls until we actually get a therapy or a vaccine,
21 One of the many steps we should take is to expedite the process requiring insurers to cover the cost of a COVID-19 vaccine when it becomes available. This coverage could help more folks access treatment and offer some economic relief to families. I'm glad to help introduce this bipartisan effort and will work to move it forward.
22 Ultimately what we really need to focus on is generating the clinical data that shows that the vaccine, in fact, does have a benefit, that it's safe and effective,
23 It's devastating to think about how many children do not have reliable access to health care. This means they are deprived of vaccinations and treatment for infectious diseases, which are common in displacement camps.
24 Really good contact tracing can be as effective as a vaccine.
25 The oral vaccine -- the attenuated live vaccine -- can knock it out of circulation completely because it creates immunity in the gut and stops the virus spreading. That's why the first countries to use it could eradicate polio early on,
26 We never called the 2016 measles outbreak `The Southern California unvaccinated virus,' that wouldn't have been appropriate,
27 Well folks, shes done it. Dont get me wrong, she has more trials to do to assure its efficacy-but my 5 yr old just came into my bedroom with a vial full of colored water and told me' i just made the vaccine for coronavirus! '
28 This type of intensive intervention package... will need to be maintained until a vaccine becomes available (potentially 18 months or more).
29 We need a vaccine but people should not bring up their hopes,
30 Even if intravenous vitamin C works to shorten or cure COVID-19, it will likely only be a stop-gap before therapies directed at the virus, such as vaccinations, take over.
31 It is perfectly understandable given the evolving situation sans a vaccine. Reassurance with regard to health infrastructure in addition to preventive measures would have been helpful,
32 Parents must make sure that their children and teenagers are protected against mumps by ensuring they have been immunised with two doses of MMR. A third dose of MMR won't cause any harm so anyone unsure of whether they have had two doses or not, can safely receive the vaccine again,
33 until we're all vaccinated,
34 We are proud to be able to help support the vital work of the WHO and CEPI as they work towards finding a vaccine for Covid-19.
35 Yes exactly. If it is going to be something seasonal. It can be something offered by the doctor and it probably will be more effective than seasonal flu, because flu virus changes every year. But for this virus, it is possible you can make the vaccine and put it on the shelf and use it for the following years.
36 Finding a safe and effective vaccine... is an urgent public health priority,
37 The only exit strategy is a vaccine,
38 Allowing pharmacists to vaccinate makes it more convenient for families, providing greater access to the influenza vaccine and improving rates of immunisation,
39 CDC led an aggressive response, in cooperation with state and local health departments. We took this troubling development as an opportunity to go on offense, launching an unprecedented media campaign of HHS leaders promoting the importance of vaccination.
40 In terms of what that reality (of managing COVID-19 without a vaccine) means about the border, we just can't say today,
41 That advice is for everyone but it is especially vital if you are over 70, eligible for the flu vaccine or pregnant. At all times, follow the advice on washing your hands, using tissues and touching your face.
42 carry out additional pre-clinical vaccine testing, perform safety and toxicology studies, assist with manufacturing of the vaccine, and conduct clinical trials with rVSV-ZEBOV.
43 Herd immunity only works if you have a vaccine and 85 to 90 percent of the population is inoculated,
44 It's communities that will do this. There's no magic bullet (for Covid-19), there's no magic vaccine or therapy, it's just behaviors,
45 Only 65% of people indicating that they would accept a vaccine for themselves and their children,
46 that's only because there's a flu vaccine
47 following a well-publicized March 2, 2020 meeting with President Trump to discuss the COVID-19 outbreak, Defendant Kim again claimed that Inovio had developed a COVID-19 vaccine, stating `we were able to fully construct our vaccine within three hours... Our plan is to start [ U.S. based COVID-19 trials ] in April of this year. '
48 Until we get almost everybody vaccinated globally we still won't be fully back to normal.
49 And, to our knowledge, these nucleic acid vaccines have not yet been tested in elderly patients either.
50 I know that's dreadful news to hear. How are people supposed to find work if this goes on in some form for a year and a half? Is all that economic pain worth trying to stop COVID-19? The truth is we have no choice. We cannot return to normal until there's a vaccine. Conferences, concerts, sporting events, religious services, dinner in a restaurant, none of that will resume until we find a vaccine, a treatment, or a cure.
51 It's not something that we can prevent from happening in the absence of a vaccine. It's not containable in the way that those viruses were,
52 You take a solid flu vaccine, you don't think that would have an impact-or much of an impact - on corona?
53 Based on this information, the Sheriff's Office strongly encourages former patients of Dr. Koinis to contact their healthcare provider about testing for vaccinations,
54 So far WHO has received applications for review and approval of 40 diagnostic tests, 20 vaccines are in development and many clinical trials of therapeutics are underway,
55 vaccines are coming along very quickly
56 there are no vaccines available for any coronaviruses let alone the (Wuhan) one,
57 It's not like there is something like a vaccine or Theraflu to make us feel better about this.
58 Let us not forget to bring our children to the new round of immunization so they can be given oral polio vaccine,
59 falsely promising to consumers that Silver Solution can cure, eliminate, kill or deactivate coronavirus and/or boost elderly consumers' immune systems when there is, in fact, no vaccine, potion, pill, potion or other product available to treat or cure coronavirus disease 2019.
60 I watched one of the most inspirational and bravest people that I ever encountered, the late Laura Brennan from Ennis, spend the last moments of her life campaigning to raise awareness around the critical importance of the HPV vaccine,
61 Ignore offers for a COVID-19 vaccine, cure, or treatment,
62 Now if we do a really great job on new vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we lower that [ the population ] by perhaps 10 or 15 percent,
63 Once the weight of disease in wildlife has been addressed, we will accelerate other elements of our strategy including improved diagnostics and cattle vaccination to sustain the downward trajectory of the disease.
64 Trials may have overestimated efficacy by combining high-grade cervical disease with low-grade cervical changes that occur more frequently but often resolve spontaneously without progressing. We found insufficient data to clearly conclude that HPV vaccine prevents the higher-grade abnormal cell changes that can eventually develop into cervical cancer.
65 My takeaway is that vaccine skeptics probably don't have the best understanding of how likely or probable different events are,
66 The direction I've given our officials is that if we see a highly credible regulator of medications in a peer jurisdiction like the European Union, Australia or the United States that has approved a test or a vaccine or medication, we should pursue that. We should not wait for Health Canada to catch up,
67 This technology of engineering recombinant influenza viruses has enabled the generation of more effective flu vaccines that are highly compatible with current vaccine platforms and confer effective protection against seasonal viruses as well as cross protection against drifted pandemic viruses,
68 We asked them to accelerate whatever they're doing in terms of the vaccine, absolutely,
69 As PH (1-110) could be paired with any protein, our technology opens up the possibility of reducing the cost of conservation and distribution of vaccines by about 80% -- the cost of the temperature-controlled supply chain.
70 In 2015, some people tried really actively to get them to take down the (anti-vaccination) stuff and it did not resonate with them,
71 This is now the fifth year of finding less than 2% of young sexually active women infected with HPV16 or 18. These new data demonstrate the huge impact of the vaccination programme in its first 10 years.
72 We are pleased to see the rapid advancement of their vaccine candidate into clinical safety testing. Producing a COVID-19 vaccine within the next 12 to 18 months is not only a scientific challenge; it will also require new levels of collaboration and investment across industry and government. There is still a long road ahead before we have a safe, effective, and globally accessible vaccine ready for broader use, but today we have reached an important milestone on that journey.
73 While the development of a pregnancy-specific malaria vaccine is underway, the devastating burden of malaria in pregnancy reminds us of the importance of developing and utilising a suite of interventions to prevent and treat malaria in pregnancy,
74 who can model all facets of this disease, including spread, drug repurposing, and the development of new vaccines.
75 Messenger RNA can encode the viral antigens, but in order to work, we need to find a way to deliver these antigens to the correct part of the body so that they get expressed and generate an immune response. We also need to make sure that the vaccine causes appropriate immune stimulation to get a strong response,
76 The £ 20 million announced today will help our globally recognised vaccine development capabilities continue to develop new defences against emerging diseases, including coronavirus.
77 They want to test the new vaccine first in Africa.
78 We see there is no vaccine that can prevent it,
79 were so determined to show that everything was under control that they sent the wrong signals about the adequacy of supplies of the vaccine.
80 Flu can lead to further serious illnesses including bronchitis and pneumonia, so if your child was aged two or three on 31 st August 201,9 and they haven't had their vaccine yet speak to your GP today as it's not too late to get them protected.
81 I challenge our researchers, and especially our university professors and research doctors to come up with a cure or vaccine for coronavirus,
82 the 1918 influenza pandemic was the most severe pandemic in recent history. It was caused by an H1N1 virus with genes of avian origin. Although there is not universal consensus regarding where the virus originated, it spread worldwide during 1918-1919. In the United States, it was first identified in military personnel in spring 1918. It is estimated that about 500 million people or one-third of the world's population became infected with this virus. The number of deaths was estimated to be at least 50 million worldwide with about 675,000 occurring in the United States. Mortality was high in people younger than 5 years old, 20-40 years old, and 65 years and older. The high mortality in healthy people, including those in the 20-40 year age group, was a unique feature of this pandemic. While the 1918 H1N1 virus has been synthesized and evaluated, the properties that made it so devastating are not well understood. With no vaccine to protect against influenza infection and no antibiotics to treat secondary bacterial infections that can be associated with influenza infections, control efforts worldwide were limited to non-pharmaceutical interventions such as isolation, quarantine, good personal hygiene, use of disinfectants, and limitations of public gatherings, which were applied unevenly.
83 There's no magic vaccine or therapy, it's just behaviors -- each of our behaviors translating into something that changes the course of this viral pandemic over the next 30 days.
84 Through our partnership with Moderna and the NIH, we hope to speed the development of a vaccine against the coronavirus and help to alleviate the burden of disease,
85 But that way, if I have to prove that I was vaccinated for hepatitis B when I go to nursing school or medical school many years later, I go online, put on my record in, and boom -- they can see that I've been vaccinated.
86 The technology has been designed as a platform approach to generate vaccines against a range of human and animal viruses and has shown promising results in the laboratory targeting viruses such as influenza, Ebola, Nipah and MERS coronavirus,
87 But today, our universities face extraordinary challenges. In Atlanta and Austin, as well as across the country, courageous health professionals and brilliant scientists are caring for the stricken and searching for a vaccine, while our faculty are educating students at a distance. I stand with them, and we must continue with the immediate job at hand. Accordingly, for the next few months, I will devote my time and energy to leading UT Austin through this crisis. My wife, Carmel, and I look forward to the day when we can begin the next phase of our lives at Emory.
88 This package will provide necessary resources to combat the spread of coronavirus. It will help develop a vaccine, support state and local governments, and assist our community health centers. I am so proud of the Nebraskans who are responding to this crisis through the great work at UNMC, Nebraska Medicine, and Camp Ashland.
89 We have to make sure that the vaccine is very low priced and that there's a fund for buying it for everyone, whether you're in a low, middle, or a high income country,
90 With the Serum Institute's financial and technical support, we will be able to push a coronavirus vaccine into the clinic on an extremely rapid timeline... We are proud to be confronting this public health crisis head-on.
91 It's very early in the development of a vaccine
92 The goal is to keep the government from forcing parents into a situation where they are vaccinating. It's not an anti- or pro-vax bill. It allows people to decide for themselves.
93 Women have intrinsically different immune responses to men. Women are more likely to suffer from auto-immune diseases, and there is good evidence that women produce better antibodies to vaccines against flu.
94 based on other things that we have done with this type of vaccine.
95 Our goal is to have these vaccines developed very rapidly and to move very rapidly to begin clinical trials,
96 Placing blame doesn't help. Strengthening the UN, in particular the underfunded WHO, is a better investment, for example to develop and distribute tests and vaccines.
97 I'm curious Kail, when a vaccine for this virus is made will you or the kids get one?
98 Whatever struggles we had fighting vaccine mandates prior to COVID-19, those struggles are now amplified by a factor of 100,
99 First, we can use such artificially primed B-cells as living therapeutics that can provide the useful antibodies for an extended period within the patient's body. Second, using the artificial lymph node, we can discover various antibody molecules that can recognize various pathogens or even our own cancers. Third, we can develop safer and cheaper vaccines. Lastly, the artificial system can be used as a critical research tool for studying the physiology of immune-cell related cancers such as lymphomas and leukemias.
100 We've had people of color being hit with this more than anybody else because people are living in poverty and don't have health care and we need to make sure that we're equitable when it comes to whatever the solution is to this in a vaccine. It needs to get to everybody, not just the elite,
101 As the Wall Street Journal pointed out, the kind of innovation for treatments and vaccines that we need to battle the Coronavirus, that all comes from the private industry,
102 Pharmaceutical companies have already formed a consortium to work together to share information about the development of therapeutics and vaccines.
103 We know that even if somebody has already been exposed, already infected, if we vaccinate them, the course of disease is far less severe [ and ]... the survival rate is very, very high,
104 There is no clear path, unlike pandemic influenza, where the strategy was to control and contain until the vaccine came because we knew the vaccine would come,
105 So we can't do anything that is normally routine. We'll do puppy and kitten vaccines because that is considered to be something where they could get sick, but otherwise we can't do routine things at all,
106 the scale required to vaccinate many millions of people
107 Until there is a vaccine or an adequate cure that reduces the morbidity rates.
108 This is not nonsense, be aware, do not take it lightly, there are dead, many lives at stake and we still do not know how far this will go, so the time has come to get vaccinated for responsibility for the common good. It is a time of solitude and generosity! To stay home and protect others.
109 We don't have a vaccine for this one, and we probably won't for at least a year,
110 The UK Government has pledged an additional £ 210 million of support to accelerate work to find a coronavirus vaccine, in an announcement following a virtual summit of G20 leaders. The funding will ensure British scientists and researchers continue to lead the global fight against the virus. The UK has now pledged £ 544 million in total which makes it the biggest contributor to Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) -- the international coalition to find a vaccine.
111 It is important that many different approaches to developing a vaccine proceed in parallel. We simply do not have the luxury to wait on the results of one vaccine trial to see if we need to adopt a different strategy,
112 It's an opportunity to get new treatments, new vaccines. And all of this needs time. Now, we are unlikely to get a treatment or a vaccine within the next few months -- those things take years. And in our case we hope that maybe we'll get it in a year or maybe 18 months.
113 It's repurposing a very old vaccine for a new purpose,
114 Now, do I believe that's going to happen? I think that's highly dependent on whether they come up with some type of vaccine, how long does this go on for and whether people start going back to work once this peaks.
115 But we're planning to start trials in the next few months and, if we're successful, subject to regulatory considerations, we aim to complete the development required to make the vaccine available in the second half of 2021.
116 I was immunocompromised from aged 12 to 16. Being in an environment with unvaccinated kids would have put my life at risk,
117 We were able to rapidly construct our vaccine in a matter of about three hours once we had the DNA sequence from the virus available because of the power of our DNA medicine platform,
118 With the current coronavirus outbreak of which remains a threat for most of our country's population (a variant of SARS) and the absence of vaccinations to cure the virus, we need better preparedness for the epidemic,
119 I think we cannot overemphasize the fact that we really don't have very good safety monitoring systems in many countries, and this adds to the miscommunication and the misapprehensions because we're not able to give clear-cut answers when people ask questions about the deaths that have occurred due to a particular vaccine...
120 If you were the CEO of the vaccine manufacturer, understandably you would dial back that effort.
121 Without global coordination, there is a danger that we could end up facing immediate shortages and a vaccine that is merely the first to be approved, rather than the most effective or safest
122 As we are in the midst of a global coronavirus pandemic, let's remember that McConnell has consistently voted to cut funding for medical research and immunization programs, and cut funding to the very agencies (CDC and NIH) that should be prepared for an infectious disease outbreak. Instead of acting immediately to include provisions in an emergency bill to control the costs of vaccines and treatments being developed in response to this outbreak, he held up coronavirus funding in order to make sure Big Pharma would still be able to gouge prices.
123 How often in movies are the vaccines the hero?
124 They have studied. They know very much. In fact, we're even close to a vaccine,
125 We want to make sure everyone gets the flu vaccine.
126 Yeah. You won't have a vaccine. You'll have a vaccine to go into testing.
127 German researchers are leaders in the development of medicines and vaccines, in global collaborations. We cannot allow others to exclusively acquire their research results,
128 the only vaccine we have right now.
129 And in a more recent example, the DRC, there were, unfortunately, 3,000 people who lost their lives to Ebola, but at the same time there were 6,000 children in the DRC who died as a result of measles, because they didn't get routine vaccinations,
130 How can a mask save one from a contagious virus that has no cure or vaccine,
131 The three patients who tested positive in Kerala have been discharged after treatment. There is no vaccine for the treatment of coronavirus. Only general respiratory etiquette and symptomatic treatment has to be followed,
132 We will have to build lots of manufacturing for the different approaches knowing that some of them will not work. We will need literally billions of vaccines to protect the world. Vaccines require testing to make sure they are safe and effective.
133 I would urge people to get their flu vaccinations.
134 It's a blessing because when you are at home all day, the baby keeps you busy and you get to spend quality time with your family. I feel it's also a curse because there is a constant fear that he could easily get infected or what if we need to take him to a doctor. We are worried about how we'll take him for his vaccine which is due in two weeks,
135 Schools close, Tom Hanks, trouble in the big banks/No vaccine, quarantine, no more toilet paper seen / Travel ban, Weinstein, panic COVID-19, NBA, gone away, what else do I have to say?
136 a vaccine would not be available for widespread use for 12 to 18 months.
137 I'm less interested in whether the vaccine prevents all cases of runny noses and feeling cruddy and having to stay home from school because of the flu,
138 If a vaccine was available for the coronavirus, it's not within [ a pharmacist's ] scope of practice to administer that vaccine because we're limited here in New York,
139 no better measure to protect yourself from flu than to get a flu vaccine.
140 Now imagine a vaccine is finally developed, but your country won't give it to you. Imagine watching the rest of the world celebrate this discovery, witnessing other countries' newfound health...
141 Some very early research ended up sitting on a shelf because that outbreak ended before a vaccine needed to be aggressively developed.
142 two months, three months, 10 months -- however long it is until there's a cure or a vaccine.
143 WuXi Vaccines will provide our global partners with a robust and premier-quality supply chain network to produce high quality vaccines to protect human being globally.
144 Many of them are required to wear masks. They may be put on leave or have their hours cut because they aren't vaccinated,
145 So, we can look at that to assess treatments and determine whether that needs to be anti-viral or a vaccine.
146 That awaits either a miracle therapeutic that has an over 95% cure rate or broad usage of the vaccine.
147 there currently are no vaccines, pills, potions, lotions, lozenges or other prescriptions or over-the-counter products available to treat or cure coronavirus disease 2019.
148 It goes without saying that it cannot be that a German company develops the vaccine and that it is used exclusively in the USA,
149 We can save a lot of lives through support of therapy by testing the drugs we're currently testing, and by getting everything in our systems working. And then we do the other things and you develop the vaccine.
150 US is making a policy to prevent, detect, treat and create a vaccine against coronavirus to save lives in America and the world.
151 a novel way to record a patient's vaccination history: storing the data in a pattern of dye, invisible to the naked eye, that is delivered under the skin at the same time as the vaccine.
152 Every year in Ontario, we lose about 1,350 individuals to normal seasonal flu. So, in a bad year we may well lose 1,500 to normal seasonal flu. Now, when you think that the mortality of this disease is up to 10 times higher and when you remember that we have no vaccine, we have no specific treatment, and this is a disease which is entirely new to the population. Then suddenly the figure of 15,000 becomes entirely logical and comprehensible,
153 He was very enthusiastic about some of the projects that he's been working on. He was continuing to work on an HIV vaccine, and he was very enthusiastic about that. And I had no clue that this could happen. It's very sudden and unexpected.
154 How long does it take to make a vaccine?
155 We were given a health card from the seller with a vaccination stamp on it but that was it, no other form of documentation,
156 Arcturus is working diligently to develop a COVID-19 vaccine in collaboration with Duke-NUS Medical School. Our vaccine works at extraordinarily low doses and is readily manufactured,
157 In Jamaica, for certain vaccines, we continue to see almost universal coverage, but we cannot be complacent in terms of the pushback, so public information is always going to be very critical. I think a lot of it has to do with public education,
158 We would rather have a vaccine than a rate cut and fully recognize that monetary policy is not optimized for addressing this type of shock. But it does not follow from this that the appropriate path of policy under the shock is unchanged,
159 We're not saying that screening is more important than vaccination; they're both critical to reducing the burden of disease,
160 A vaccine will be useful given that many, many people will be infected with the virus. It could become like other coronaviruses that infect us on a seasonal basis,
161 Over 84% of Coloradans believe that vaccines should be required.
162 unfortunately unlike influenza there isn't a vaccine or treatment for the novel coronavirus,
163 We decided that the Health Department needs to expand its services to those parents and their children who don't have easy access to getting vaccines,
164 Unfortunately there are some issues with availability that we are fixing. Some providers ordered more vaccine than they were able to administer while others have run out,
165 I bought millions of doses. More than 29 million. I spoke to Prime Minister Modi, a lot of it comes out of India. I asked him if he would release it? He was great. He was really good. You know they put a stop because they wanted it for India. But there is a lot of good things coming from that. Lot of people looking at it and saying, you know I don't hear bad stories, I hear good stories. And I don't hear anything where it was causing death. So it is not something like.... You know we are doing vaccines. Johnson and Johnson, they need to test that. It seems malaria affected counties are unaffected where it is common.
166 It's a very, very promising vaccine,
167 Patients unsure of their vaccination status or are aged over 18 months and have only had one vaccine, should be vaccinated.
168 The problem, of course, is that we don't have a vaccine,
169 We are already well underway in the process of designing the vaccine, but it is very expensive to scale up a production and make sure that the vaccine is ready for use on humans,
170 we designed our DNA vaccine INO-4800 in three hours after the publication of the genetic sequence of the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19.
171 They didn't need clinical trials, they just had to make the vaccine and distribute it,
172 As a member of the House Appropriations Committee, I'm fighting to advance a robust emergency funding package that fully addresses the scale and seriousness of this public health crisis by advocating for funding to ensure that vaccines, once developed, are affordable and available to all who need them; and, that state and local governments are reimbursed for costs incurred while assisting the federal response to the COVID-19 outbreak.
173 but I was praying for two because there are still some concerns about whether we'll have a vaccine for this by next year.
174 The tricky part will be going forward if it continues to be a threat. There are so many vaccines that are not affordable.
175 Under the collaboration agreement, FluGen will transfer its existing manufacturing processes to Bharat Biotech to enable the company to scale up production and produce the vaccine for clinical trials,
176 We are going to take an approach with at least five different constructs and different partners and collaborations all over the world in order to see which part of the virus we can use to make an effective vaccine and develop a model that we can invest in,
177 We believe that the return of fans to the stadiums should coincide with the availability of the vaccine for COVID-19. In this regard, we note that tests have already commenced in various parts of the world.
178 We discussed their efforts, and at their request, I agreed to co-sponsor H. Res.861. This measure supports the role of the U.S. in protecting the health of people in impoverished countries using vaccines & immunization. I appreciate their tireless efforts.
179 Stay at your home and do things only after consulting a doctor. Call them up, ask them, tell them your ailments. We will have to note that no vaccine has been developed for it so far, anywhere in the world. Scientists in India and across the world are working on it rapidly. If someone recommends you a medicine then kindly talk to your doctor first. Take a medicine only after consulting a doctor.
180 The vaccine candidate that was given the first injection for the first person took place today. You might recall that when we first started I said it would be two to three months and if we did that, that would be fastest we've ever gone in obtaining the sequence to being able to do the Phase 1 trial. This has been now 65 days, which I believe is the record.
181 in the direction of trying to get away from our reliance on eggs for vaccine manufacturing.
182 We are working for valuable time, time in which scientists can research medicines and a vaccine.
183 We don't yet have a vaccine and we don't have approved drugs for prevention of disease or treatment of disease. So all we have is isolation,
184 While the media and Democrats refused to seriously acknowledge this virus in January and February, President Trump took bold action to protect Americans and unleash the full power of the federal government to curb the spread of the virus, expand testing capacities, and expedite vaccine development when we had no true idea the level of transmission or asymptomatic spread,
185 If we depend on the private market to develop a vaccine they will demand a very high return for success,
186 So this would be a companion of a vaccine and also it will -- to put it a different way -- make you better, quicker.
187 There is an urgent and pressing need to develop a safe and efficacious vaccine that can prevent the spread of this deadly virus. Our researchers are working to bring a speedy solution to this most devastating outbreak in recent times,
188 I'm so convinced that the oral rabies vaccination will work,
189 They may not help in the very early stages of an outbreak, but if we're able to develop vaccines in time, they will be an asset later,
190 We cannot guard against the virus forever, but the longer we delay its spread, the higher the chances of getting a vaccine in time.
191 We're in it for at least six months. Until there is a cure, a vaccine, this crisis is something we need to deal with,
192 I would expect a vaccine for coronavirus would have a similar profile to those vaccines. It's great news,
193 The purpose of the exercise... was to raise issues of preparedness and response for those leaders so they could start working on making sure that we can develop medical countermeasures, drugs and vaccines, quickly in a severe outbreak, that we can respond and take care of the people who become sick.
194 These sharp, very thin hollow metal tubes are attached to syringes and are used to inject vaccines.
195 Delivering a safe and effective vaccine for a rapidly spreading disease like COVID-19 requires accelerated action with parallel development streams. The rapid progress we are making with industry partners clearly demonstrates a commitment to protecting people at home and abroad.
196 Producing a COVID-19 vaccine within the next 12 to 18 months is not only a scientific challenge; it will also require new levels of collaboration and investment across industry and government,
197 The president was sort of asking as he was going around the room, well, how quickly can we get a vaccine out on the market, and do it in three or four months.
198 ... However, what attracted me to Codagenix is whether we can use such technology platforms to rapidly respond to epidemics. Developing a vaccine against coronavirus disease will be an acid test,
199 I am convinced that sooner than later, a vaccine will be found. And then, you can go back to normal. Until then, I am sure what will happen is, before going on a field of play, or playing again, everybody -- not only the sports side but everybody -- will have to be tested,
200 More evidence suggesting that one dose human papillomavirus vaccination may be effective.
201 Nobody really knows, because even the medical experts will tell you we have to wait until we find a vaccine, we have to flatten the curve, and this, as the Prime Minister said, could go on for at least six months
202 The reality is: That's probably not going to happen. We may have some real optimism and some safety evidence by then, but not a vaccine.
203 While our brilliant doctors and nurses fight coronavirus at home, this record British funding will help to find a vaccine for the entire world. UK medics and researchers are at the forefront of this pioneering work. My call to every G20 country and to governments around the world is to step up and help us defeat this virus.
204 By limiting the spread of coronavirus, you are buying precious time not only for healthcare systems and your neighbors, but for scientists around the world racing to find treatments and vaccines,
205 It's really important to take multiple strategies when you're going after vaccine development because you don't know what will work,
206 So we've got to do a lot of work before then to get on top of it, but certainly the vaccine is likely to be important.
207 This development also reinforces the strength of hVIVO's reputation as a world leader in providing services to global vaccine and anti-viral production companies and is another example of the growth potential for Open Orphan.
208 What I really like about working with the CIVR-HRP research group is that their focus is on subgroups of people who are more susceptible to influenza, and that we will be developing models to test flu vaccines in different ways to make sure they work for all kinds of people.
209 If you grew up at a time when there were a lot of diseases that didn't have vaccines, you're used to quarantines. You remember the scarlet fever, the polio, the TB, the measles. What else? Typhoid. Diphtheria. Those kill people,
210 North Korea lacks a vaccine or medical abilities,
211 The danger of smallpox to the community greatly outweighed the individual dangers that a vaccine might suffer,
212 From the first day that the sequences of the new viruses were published, we were working on this vaccine and we were doing so in coordination with our interagency partners at the NIH, specifically the Vaccine Research Center,
213 And that's the reason why we're pushing so hard in getting our preparedness much better than it was, but importantly, pushing on the vaccine and getting clinical trials for therapeutic interventions so that hopefully, if we do see that resurgence, we will have interventions that we did not have in the beginning of the situation we're in right now,
214 Crystal formation in sugar-based formulations destabilizes vaccines,
215 If one has to choose between CSIRO scientists and your ridiculous comment about Coronavirus and vaccines in general it would appear you have lost another fight by KO,
216 The flu vaccine for influenza is certainly not perfect,
217 You never know what might trip a vaccine development program up,
218 A vaccination for this virus is not something that's been done before but the amount of effort that's going into developing that fix... Ultimately, we can suppress this and keep our total case numbers low that prevents our hospitals from being overrun and prevents the type of New York scenes.
219 In addition to these programs, we maintain a strong and growing pipeline of product candidates including TNX-102 SL as a treatment for agitation in Alzheimer's disease and alcohol use disorder, TNX-601 CR as a treatment for major depressive disorder, treatment for PTSD and treatment for corticosteroid-induced cognitive dysfunction, TNX-1300 for the treatment of cocaine intoxication, TNX-1500 for the prevention and treatment of organ transplant rejection, and TNX-1200 as a vaccine against smallpox and monkeypox disease. Furthermore, we look forward to advancing our pipeline of other product candidates.
220 There are standard operating procedures for storing vaccines, which have to be kept under low temperature. If the temperature is not controlled, the vaccine will not be effective. Therefore, buying vaccines online is really not encouraged,
221 It all has to be proven but that's how vaccines are made as well.
222 We're seeing it cross into other animals quite readily, which is concerning and means it will likely be endemic. The need for anti-viral drugs and a vaccine will not go away no matter how much physical distancing we do.
223 claimed that a coronavirus vaccine, when one is developed, would include `nanotechnology microchips' that would allow humans to be controlled. He added that Bill Gates -- who is helping fund Covid-19 vaccine research -- should be jailed.
224 Demand has actually been very high. I would say it's because people are so aware of the health risks of Covid-19 it seems that they're more aware of the importance of getting the flu vaccine as well, so that's good, and encouraging.
225 designed a vaccine construct.
226 The dictators won't want to give up the power they've taken.... We're much more like Syria than like Cuba... in terms of migration, access to services, the inflation. There's no vaccines for our children. They are dying because of lack of food,
227 The Wuhan coronavirus is very dangerous and spreads quickly. There is still no vaccine. Therefore, the public are advised to seek immediate treatment in hospitals if they experience symptoms like coughing and fever,
228 There seems to be an overarching depression that was driven by years of not vaccinating people properly,
229 Yeah. But, like many people said, we have to be very careful here. If you vaccinate several hundred million people...
230 I absolutely recommend getting a flu vaccine,
231 I recognize there are epidemics around the world that are stopped by vaccines. I also understand some of the skepticism that abounds today about drugs which are rushed to market by Big Pharma. I am sorry that I made comments which sounded as though I question the validity of life-saving vaccines.
232 This is the reason why it will take quite a few months for a vaccine to become available, probably towards the end of the year.
233 It still takes a while to get a vaccination program underway,
234 The international evidence is that you are less likely to get a serious disease if you are vaccinated.
235 These are concepts we're looking at that we may have to put in play downstream in the very near future. Because, obviously, we can't wait a year until there's a vaccine.
236 he is leading the development of a Covid-19 vaccine and he regularly appears at White House press briefings and media interviews.
237 It's not if the people are refusing all vaccinations, it's just certain vaccinations that they have adverse reactions to,
238 That's actually going to be one of the challenges with designing a vaccine is how do you actually cause the immunity to last long enough to protect you.
239 There is no vaccine for this virus, and we don't see one on the horizon,
240 You have to understand that if the virus is there, and the population has no immunity yet to this virus -- there are no vaccines and no therapy so far -- that a high percentage of experts say 60 to 70% of the population will be infected as long as this situation continues,
241 Recipients of the malaria vaccine are not being informed that they are in a study,
242 The coronavirus vaccine will not be discovered in Venezuela, it will not be discovered in the Scandinavian countries, it will not be discovered in some backwards, Third World country,
243 What we do together now will buy us more time to further understand the virus and develop treatments and vaccines,
244 And instead of having five vaccine manufacturers, we now have 12. That means there's price competition. So bringing those vaccines down means that we can vaccinate hundreds of millions of more children.
245 Few studies have reported on the immunological features of this new coronavirus. Our analyses in this respect could serve as a reference resource for immunological studies and for potential therapeutics and vaccine development,
246 Gantz is talking nonsense. A vaccine for the coronavirus will be found before [ Gantz ] finds a way to form a government without [ Joint List MK ] Ahmad Tibi. We're a seat away from a victory that will prevent fourth elections or a dangerous government dependent on Tibi,
247 As we race to develop a vaccine, we're also pursuing antiviral therapies, and that's what we're really going to be talking to you about today. To me that's even more important. A vaccine, by its nature, you have to have long tests because you have to make sure what goes into somebody's body is not going to do destruction, do bad things, so you need long tests.
248 is the best social vaccine for Covid-19 in the current circumstances
