0 Everything is back to normal. Airspace is open,
1 I assure the Sudanese people that I am well and completely healthy,
2 having a very major impact on the economy and the financial system
3 Much will depend on the success of the various efforts to control the virus so we are watching developments carefully.
4 World interest rates have moved lower over the past decade. This is mainly because of structural factors related to ageing of the population, productivity growth, slower population growth and high rates of saving in Asia,
5 We will continue to monitor developments carefully, including in the labor market, as we seek to strike the right balance in the interests of the community as a whole.
6 support jobs, incomes and businesses, so that when the health crisis recedes, the country is well placed to recover strongly
7 Without that bridge there will be damage, some of which will be permanent to the economy and to people's lives.
8 Given the evolving situation, it is difficult to predict how large and long-lasting the effect will be,
9 Buyers could get rates in the low twos. This will make a huge difference later but it won't help much right now,
10 would allow new cities to be created or developed, relieving pressure on existing cities, bringing new vigour to the regions
11 passing through a gentle turning point for the better
12 Substantial financial buffers are available to be drawn down if required to support the economy,
13 His passion for fair play, his independence and his integrity are widely known and admired.
14 I do not know whether he did or not but he was saying that he had either rung or was ringing the Minister (Shane Ross) to inform him of the same.
15 I'm not going into details of exactly what they said as it's very delicate at the moment but you can take it that everybody sees they will have skin in the game here and everybody is united in ensuring there will be a solution that is shared.
16 In that period, Krishna Menon played an important role in convincing Nehru that Partition was inevitable... V.P. Menon sold the idea of Partition to Patel. Both Menons had come round to the view that the Muslim League and the Congress could not work together,
17 In the short run BJP has not won but the result is a disaster for the Congress party also.
18 We have to be bold and aggressive against all forms of communalism. Unfortunately in the public, the propaganda is that the Congress is soft on minority communalism. It is a reality. We have to address this issue. We cannot live in a make-believe world. We should wake up,
19 It is a resounding slap on his face and it is a rejection of the language used in the campaign, tactics used in the campaign,
20 Tamil is not a language of Tamil Nadu alone, it is a national language. Malayalam is a national language, Odia is a national language. These are spoken by millions of people. But, for a language that is spoken by roughly 15,000 people, we are spending Rs 650 crore. We may not like this, but this is a fact that historically Sanskrit has always been the elite language,
21 response to the whole range of Russian missile systems -- conventional and nuclear -- currently deployed or under development.
22 This is a U.S. decision. It is not a decision taken neither by the global coalition nor NATO
23 This is an important step which will make the circulation of people and goods easier and faster within the Western Balkans region,
24 US decision, not a decision taken by NATO
25 agreed that NATO could contribute more to regional stability and the fight against international terrorism.
26 but the missions, the operations, the readiness of NATO continues because NATO was created to deal with crises.
27 even more important to maintain NATO to keep your friends and allies close.
28 has no intention to deploy new land-based missiles in Europe,
29 the temporary repositioning of some personnel to different locations both inside and outside Iraq.
30 could contribute more to regional stability and fight against international terrorism
31 would be with the consent of the Iraqi government.
32 NATO's train-and-advise mission still plans to draw down to around 12,000 personnel from 16,000 over the next 135 days,
33 The heating story is the one that usually just gets neglected. It's in the box called `too difficult, '
34 There's been unbelievable growth in some companies, which have become mega-caps. It's plausible that there are companies that don't even exist today that will be big in a decade's time.
35 Defensive growth has outperformed cyclical and value parts of the equity markets since the financial crisis and the impact of the coronavirus, as least in the short term, further strengthens this trend,
36 likely to become increasingly focused on US election risk, and less on risks in Europe and Asia,
37 too much of an economist
38 We are looking at transforming our business operations through technology and incorporate industry best practices in the way we interact and work with various stakeholders in the ecosystem. This website will be a compendium of all our Fund of Funds activities and will help reduce paperwork tremendously going forward,
39 They were warning us of our end and said recite kalma if you wish to.
40 When we're talking about... trying to promote among companies more transparency around what their carbon footprint is, and what their plans are, and so on, what that will allow is for investors like (BlackRock CEO) Larry Fink to be able to decide what share of his plans' portfolios should be represented by companies that are emitting high levels of carbon, or gradually reducing them or whatever. Without that transparency, you get this gap in knowledge and you can have sudden movements, which could be quite painful and disruptive. With transparency, I think you help ensure that it will be a clear and gradual process for investors. It doesn't have a cliff in it.
41 I was being fairly careful to not rule out actions at any time,
42 The Bank of Canada is taking concerted action to support the Canadian economy during this period of economic stress. The Bank's Governing Council stands ready to do what is required to support economic growth and keep inflation on target, and we will continue to ensure that the Canadian financial system has sufficient liquidity and credit markets can continue to function well.
43 we can't possibly sit down and figure out how to have free trade within Canada.
44 Each institution is acting within its respective mandate to deliver a powerful confidence-boosting package of measures for consumers, business and financial markets,
45 the numbers clearly show that the Canadian labour market is in good health overall.
46 there's nothing scripted about the bank's posture.
47 Given the fast pace of change, driven by the 4th industrial revolution-from artificial intelligence to robotics, machine learning, quantum computing-Africa must invest more in re-directing and re-skilling its labor force, and especially the youth, to effectively participate,
48 Africa does not need anyone to believe in her or to affirm her place and position in history. Africa will and must develop with pride. For right on the inside of us, as Africans, lies our greatest instrument of successes: confidence!
49 These are critical times for Africa as it addresses the challenges resulting from the coronavirus. The African Development Bank is taking bold measures to support African countries. This $3bn Covid-19 bond issuance is the first part of our comprehensive response that will soon be announced. This is indeed the largest dollar social bond transaction to date in capital markets. We are here for Africa, and we will provide significant rapid support for countries,
50 Extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures. As such, it can no longer be business as usual
51 if we are convinced that there is a seriousness in the approach the government is taking,
52 Global growth will dip below last year's levels but how far it will fall and how long the impact will be is still difficult to predict,
53 What we are targeting to do is to provide a financial boost,
54 We do understand the necessity to look at the debt burden carefully -- it is the job of the government, not the IMF,
55 If tomorrow, we woke up in a world with 100 percent gender equality, the wealth of the world would be $172 trillion bigger. We would be a much richer world. If we are to bring the Middle East on par with the more advanced economies over the next years, there would be $1 trillion more in output,
56 First, the global economic outlook for 2020 is expected to be negative. We will face recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse, but we expect the recovery in 2021. Countries should undertake more bold fiscal actions,
57 erode the fabric of our societies
58 We are still hoping that the most likely scenario would be relatively rapid containment of the virus.
59 It is too early to say because we don't yet quite know what is the nature of this virus. We don't know how quickly China will be able to contain it. We don't know whether it will spread to the rest of the world. If the disease is contained rapidly, there can be a sharp drop and a very rapid rebound, in what is known as the V-shaped impact,
60 We are still faced with extraordinary uncertainty about the depth and duration of this crisis. It is already clear, however, that global growth will turn sharply negative in 2020. In fact, we anticipate the worst economic fallout since the Great Depression. Just three months ago, we expected positive per capita income growth in over 160 of our member countries in 2020. Today, that number has been turned on its head: we now project that over 170 countries will experience negative per capita income growth this year,
61 For low-income countries, we have rapid-disbursing emergency financing of up to $10 billion (50 percent of quota of eligible members) that can be accessed without a full-fledged IMF programme.
62 Investors have already removed US$ 83 billion from emerging markets since the beginning of the crisis, the largest capital outflow ever recorded. We are particularly concerned about low-income countries in debt distress.
63 We strongly support the extraordinary fiscal actions many countries have already taken to boost health systems and protect affected workers and firms. We welcome the moves of major central banks to ease monetary policy. These bold efforts are not only in the interest of each country, but of the global economy as a whole. Even more will be needed, especially on the fiscal front,
64 What we are seeing now is that we've some reduction of this uncertainty, but it's not eliminated,
65 revenue to the regime that it may use to fund terror and other destabilizing activities.
66 Tackling trade is only a start. The global economy will continue to encounter major shocks if we fail to address another urgent global challenge: climate change,
67 This provides grants to our poorest and most vulnerable members to cover their IMF debt obligations... and will help them channel more of their scarce financial resources towards vital emergency medical and other relief efforts,
68 it was clear that more needs to be done now
69 the current guessing game for economists, including the treasury, is how high will unemployment be before we can be confident that there is a peak
70 well off economically in this crisis
71 leaving such matters to the market mechanism, quoting `the celebrated author of the Wealth of Nations '
72 The far greater gap between India and China is in the provision of essential public services -- a failing that depresses living standards.
73 Some outsiders came and tortured the students of the (Jawaharlal Nehru) University and indulged in lawlessness there. The University authorities could not stop it and even the police could not come on time.
74 So beyond speculation from the press, there is nothing further I can add in respect of that ongoing process.
75 There's 14 beds and 12 contestants,
76 This approach calls for easing policy more aggressively than would be prescribed by the central outlook for activity and inflation when policy rates are close to their lower bound. The additional easing provided by such a strategy removes some of the downward bias to inflation outcomes introduced by the [ effective lower bound ]. If it is understood by a sufficient proportion of agents, and affects their expectations, it becomes even more powerful,
77 The Monetary Policy Committee is accessing the economic impacts and considering the policy implications of various possible scenarios, including the extent to which supply disruptions have aggregate demand consequences via effects on cashflow, the cost and availability of finance as well as confidence effects.
78 The UK has been at the forefront of innovation for centuries... it was the birthplace of the industrial revolution, something that brought unimagined progress, and the City financed it.
79 up to half of developed oil reserves
80 The committee will make a decision at the appropriate time but not before,
81 We oversee the insurance sector, and we see the actual physical manifestations of extreme weather events, and we see where that's likely to go,
82 It is not desirable at all to align our approaches, to tie our hands and to outsource regulation and effectively supervision of the world's leading complex financial system to another jurisdiction.
83 Governments will establish the climate policy frameworks, and the private sector will make the necessary investments.
84 It is critical that any framework on digital currencies ensures security, efficiency and legitimacy of payments while ensuring fair and open competition.
85 US case growth was unchanged at 4.7% yesterday, a much smaller increase than the 8.3% leap recorded on the same day last week but the number was pushed up by a big jump in both the number of people tested in NY [ New York ] state and the share of positive tests; NY state accounted for 40% of the new cases across the country.
86 but this (is) nothing more than the end of the beginning.
87 Business saved some of the tax cut, but most of it seems to have gone on stock buybacks and dividends,
88 The U.S. economy is shrinking as we speak -- I have no doubt at all about that,
89 In one line: New cases outside China accelerating rapidly,
90 This is a full-blown crisis response operation, intended to make it abundantly clear that the Fed will not allow liquidity to dry up.
91 We believe in the power of competition and of free markets.
92 [ t ] he groundwork on which knowledge is built is being undermined
93 As soon as other countries started engaging in social distancing, we started to imagine what it would mean for Harvard.
94 a lot of expertise we could lean on
95 I am blessed with a great team, and many of my colleagues will be taking on more responsibility over the next few weeks as Adele and I focus on just getting healthy.
96 But equally, I am clear that achieving our legally binding commitments will require everyone to consider what they can do to ensure they play their part in driving the sector towards a low-carbon, sustainable future.
97 I don't know why he'd really want to come to the Dolphins. He's probably one of the fiercest competitors there is, and we're at the stage with the Dolphins where we're trying to build a team for the future.
98 Ryan's passion and commitment to advancing the city of Detroit and unwavering belief in DCI made him uniquely suited to grow our local team that will see the project to fruition.
99 It seems like I had a death sentence but was pardoned at the last minute,
100 DepEd is committed to render full assistance and cooperation, and to mobilize the necessary resources to undertake critical, urgent, and appropriate response and measures in a timely manner to curtail and eliminate the COVID-19 threat,
101 Palagay ko, insulto naman iyon sa mga Bikolano dahil one of their schools, iyong Partido States University ano nila, eh ang taas ng rating eh. So iyon, gusto ko lang i-clarify iyan (I think it is an insult to Bicolanos because one of their schools, the Partido States University obtained a high rating. I just wanted to clarify that),
102 It's a different kind of shock,
103 It wasn't doing badly when he came in, that's not true, but I think it's done better than most of this group (those at the WEF) would have expected. It's been a good 10 years and his 3 years probably better than expected.
104 strong commitment to all the same things, especially family and philanthropy.
105 I don't think anyone knows how big.
106 I think for a lot of companies now this is very much a back-to-business moment of, what is your core business, and what is the core service you're providing?
107 London is now our biggest engineering hub outside the US. It is home to our community integrity team that is doing such important work to keep people safe on our platforms, working to take down harmful content and keep people safe,
108 clearly new and much more complicated age.
109 I am so grateful for all that Yad Vashem does to honor the victims of the Holocaust, including this incredible IRemember Wall project,
110 This is a severe and temporary shock,
111 We came into power saying that we were going to transform the economy from a Guggisberg, commodity-based economy to an industrialised, exporting nation with hubs,
112 We find that the [ current ] penalties are not deterring enough. We want to ensure they would have a deterrent effect and they must be proportionately high,
113 We have brought best of breed technology into a single platform, which we were able to do because we were agile enough to develop that platform,
114 We have to have this debate, but I think you have to also go step by step,
115 fusion of technologies... blurs the lines between the physical, digital and biological spheres.
116 Yeah, there are definitely issues that come with that but I think if that's what it takes to win, we're going to do it,
117 clear that was the wrong decision.
118 Ensuring that children are immunized and sleep under mosquito nets, building better roads, especially in rural areas, and providing Nigeria's poorest citizens with a unique identification that will make social safety nets and services more effective,
119 could create the right incentives to spur investment by strengthening financial systems, building confidence in financial markets, and enabling more productive private sector activity
120 We intend to respond forcefully and massively with support programs, especially for poor countries,
121 This is a powerful, fast-acting initiative that will do much to safeguard the lives and livelihoods of millions of the most vulnerable people.
122 many countries will need debt relief. This is the only way they can concentrate any new resources on fighting the pandemic and its economic and social consequences.
123 I am sorry to announce that Penny Goldberg has informed me of her intention to step down
124 had lost sight of the aim of value creation,
125 I'm just saying that under normal circumstances, it is a very bad idea to try to keep people out from the country...
126 almost everyone ends up better off.
127 Now that we're able to access the first tranche, that helps.
128 The Cumulative Impact on Living Standards of Public Spending Changes
129 and it does reduce its geopolitical and security clout. It's hard to know what the medium to long-term impacts will be.
130 The only way this lockdown can get any worse is if the ice cream vans start booting round the streets blasting Rkid's new tunes out he he,
131 [ An Oasis reunion ] is gon na happen, believe you me,
132 Let's talk about Noel.
133 He'll come around one day. You're brothers, you're meant to be together. I hope you guys become brothers again before a tour is even considered.
134 Unfortunately we didn't manage the stop the Brexit bus but we can try and protect the people of Scotland from the crash. That's our priority.
135 a nonpartisan research institution in Washington that proposed elements of the [ Nigerian debt ] deal
136 Right now I'd say prices are going up for vegetables across the board,
137 We were expecting to see more than four per cent given all the talk (about the diet),
138 With cattle I'm less concerned because the production cycle is much longer, but with pork and chicken, in particular, a shut down is problematic just because when an animal is ready for harvest, it has to be harvested as soon as possible.
139 We're leaving a period where convenience and instant gratification were valued -- now, simplicity is much more valued than ever before.
140 should be considered, with some serious thought about how to mitigate against the fraud concern,
141 Their inability to fulfil these pledges are what cost them the people's support,
142 There's a silver lining to all of this,
143 This is not simply an issue of housing and it is crucial that constituents are allocated safe accommodation so that they have adequate supports, and both theirs and the surrounding community's requirements are met.
144 to contribute towards counteracting... the insufficient capacity for innovation in our companies.
145 We are pleased to add belly-hold cargo operations to India to supplement our existing freighter aircraft operations. We are thankful to the Indian Government for their flexibility in allowing Qatar Airways to continue supporting worldwide trade connectivity by utilising passenger aircraft to carry freight only while passenger operations remain restricted.
146 huge returns on those investments
147 The expansion of codeshare cooperation between Qatar Airways and Malaysia Airlines is a natural next step in the strengthening of our close partnership,
148 While some countries try to divide the world, the Asian countries should try to unite the world,
149 But the COVID-19 crisis has no silver lining, and the virus is unresponsive to the instruments of power that the Islamic Republic has amassed.
150 The economy is not in good shape at all.
151 Haim gave me a call about a hit, I said, `count me in, '
152 I am not saying anything political, I am simply stating the facts,
153 For a sustainable development, taking right decisions remain the biggest challenge,
154 We have to save our own people first. If someone loses their job, they can be given more money than that,
155 Investors don't just get anxious, they stop investing too,
156 It gives Triller users a lot more tools for editing and posting video. And as the product launch grows, our goal is to fully integrate into Snapchat.
157 It was important in the flashbacks to also show the heroism, and you'll see that in the series, in the camps of these Jewish prisoners.
158 In creating this series it was most important for me to consider what I believe to be the ultimate question and challenge of telling a story about the Holocaust: how do I do so without borrowing from a real person's specific life or experience?
159 Hearing this felt like the stuff of comics books and superheroes.
160 never purported to be.
161 specific moment in an actual person's life
162 It's a new virus which none of us have met before. Our immune system has not been exposed to it and therefore we've no natural immunity to it. So I can understand why that causes significant public concern.
163 Those numbers will change as we get data more relevant to European health care systems, maybe more aligned with ours.
164 indirect mortality because the health service is overwhelmed
165 One can see a state that is governing daily. When the pandemic caused by coronavirus emerged, each country came up with a strategy. What is our strategy?
166 shocking slurs against me, my family and my country.
167 Slavery was a fact of human civilization since antiquity. Abolition is the new idea... a Western idea not possible without the democratic institutions that were built in 1776.
168 the posted rate is not playing the role that we intended.
169 We need to note the year of occurence and we started reporting now. We have made many changes in the banking sector and reforms will continue in future.
170 WWII was fought in our factories first and then on land and sea. This war is being fought first in our hospitals, research labs, and the home front.
171 When women dominate a field, the field becomes less appealing and attractive as an occupation,
172 You cannot say the yield curve is a good predictor in general. Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't,
173 As Treasury, we have already availed part of the funds and the grain is coming as we speak, and more will be coming. I am not sure of the actual modalities, but we have availed the funds and we will continue to release more funds as per the requirements to ensure that the country has enough food to feed everyone's needs.
174 Let me be clear. Zimbabwe is in a mono-currency situation. We introduced the Zimbabwean dollar, that is the domestic currency. But we also know that practically, realistically, it is taking long for Zimbabweans to adjust. Why? It is difficult to have that silver bullet where everyone complies,
175 its vast forests by selling carbon credits in order to finance development
176 At the time, the drama was unfolding in a much worse manner, if I may. The idea that we had an absolute necessity to co-ordinate action at the level of the major central banks was something very natural. I am not sure it was really more appropriate in this time. It could have also had an impact of panicking if I may, or giving the message of too much of a panic.
177 By law, we would oblige the Gambling Authority to set clear rules and to make notes that would change every time,
178 Companies will be faced with lower revenues and their commitments to clean energy transition will be a challenge,
179 with their extensive know-how and deep pockets, oil and gas companies can play a crucial role in accelerating deployment of key renewable options such as offshore wind, while also enabling some key capital-intensive clean energy technologies -- such as carbon capture, utilization, and storage and hydrogen -- to reach maturity,
180 Hydogen can help overcome many difficult energy challenges. It can decarbonise hard-to-abate-sectors like steel, chemicals, trucks, ships and planes. Hydrogen can also enhance energy security by diversifying the fuel mix and providing flexibility to balance grids.
181 With their extensive know-how and deep pockets, oil and gas companies can play a crucial role in accelerating deployment of key renewable options such as offshore wind, while also enabling some key capital-intensive clean energy technologies -- such as carbon capture, utilisation and storage, and hydrogen -- to reach maturity,
182 It's the reason that recent incidents we have seen -- with the Iranian general killed, Libya unrest -- didn't boost international oil prices,
183 if current market conditions continue, (developing nations' ) income from oil and gas will fall by 50% to 85% in 2020, reaching the lowest levels in more than two decades, according to recent IEA analysis.
184 This would mean that there will still be huge pressures on global oil markets,
185 We may see it was the worst year in the history of global markets,
186 Saudi Arabia, which has been a stabiliser of oil markets for many years can once again play a constructive role and as chair of the G-20 can bring all key economies of the world, producers and consumers together, to have a dialogue to take measures to try to stabilise the oil markets.
187 The virus outbreak is affecting a range of energy markets, including coal, gas and renewables, but its impact on oil markets is particularly severe owing to the virus forcing people to stop moving around, as well as move goods around, which deals a heavy blow to demand for transport fuels,
188 Financial market regulators and supervisors could also encourage, on a temporary and time-bound basis, extensions of loan maturities.
189 The Indian government has also provided direct support to weaker sections. I commend the RBI (Reserve Bank of India) for putting liquidity measures in place.
190 Countries reliant on tourism, travel, hospitality, and entertainment for their growth are experiencing particularly large disruptions.
191 We always think of fiscal consolidation also from a medium term perspective, so I think it is very important for the government to signal such commitment to fiscal prudence going forward and of course the details of the spending also matters, it is not just what your fiscal deficit is, it is what your spending on that matters.
192 Government debt in Queensland is the highest in the country among the states.
193 If they dressed too formally, they were called sexless bluestockings; if they wore eye-catching or feminine outfits, they were trivialised and condescended to.
194 Support rapidly needs to be extended to the self-employed and freelancers, to increase the rate of statutory sick pay to the real living wage to help those who are sick or self-isolating, and for the Government to take the ambitious steps required to support the over five million self-employed people in the UK through this crisis.
195 In a low-interest-rate environment, central banks should err on the side of caution when downside risks emerge. With more power to lower inflation than to raise it, monetary policymakers might be inclined to overreact with too much stimulus and, if needed, hike rates later to correct course,
196 You are able to pay your employees for another month if you get support.
197 Massive technology corporations have ballooned in size and influence over the last two decades,
198 And in conjunction with leadership in both parties, we have been working to find a path forward that balances the health of our members and our duty to the public to look out for their interests.
199 One is large dense superstar cities like New York and London, with large flows of visitors and tourists, diverse global populations and dense residential areas.
200 the most likely forecast,
201 This is a very old hat. It's almost always the case that presidents would rather interest rates be kept lower than the Fed would want them.
202 If you want the banking system to be liquid, don't encourage banks to hold more reserves than necessary by making it more attractive to hold them,
203 urgency is in the critical element here.
204 judge (the package) according to how it is going to impact the economy... confidence... and the budget
205 We are prepared for any development and will continue to take steps as needed and in line with various developments,
206 A country like Lebanon will see its public finances squeezed even more in the midst of a deepening recession with high levels of public debt,
207 And if there's one sector I think a lot of people want improved, it's the funeral industry.
208 They should consider how the government might respond in the extreme,
209 The quality of Australia's communications services is also improving, allowing more of us to use and enjoy data-heavy activities like streaming in high definition.
210 In particular, we are keen to ensure that NBN Co and retail service providers have incentives to upgrade and fix infrastructure where it is not meeting consumers' needs and expectations.
211 We also have a dedicated Commercial Construction Unit looking at conduct affecting competition and poor trading practises in the commercial construction sector, including secondary boycotts and other conduct impacting small businesses and large public and private projects,
212 Banks, investors, shareholders and even taxpayers have to bear the loses. Transparency helps prepare all stakeholders; surprises only worsen their response, as was proven during the 2008 crisis.
213 Work is ongoing to examine, on a pilot basis, financial stability risks associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy,
214 followed a given set of working Americans from 1975 to 1991,
215 politics is the art of making selfish desires seem like the national interest
216 GAO's Foresight, S&T, Cyber and Data Science Capabilities.
217 It's simple: before any administration -- Democratic or Republican -- sends Americans into battle, those of us in Congress should have to debate the merits and take a vote,
218 Given the dynamic nature of the COVID-19 epidemic, everyone should be prepared to work from home unexpectedly,
219 For us, our cloud business is anchored in extraordinary technology,
220 Investors can take heart that we've counteracted this existential shock with the greatest fiscal and monetary bazooka,
221 Our reelection, but also the overall City Council results, were as close of a referendum on the Amazon tax as possible,
222 On the whole what we have achieved is exactly what we want to achieve, which is that it's a truly progressive tax, meaning it falls only on the very very largest corporations,
223 Our valued US customers can be confident that their calls, questions, maintenance, and support needs will all answered promptly and efficiently,
224 tapped her on the nose
225 I took her hands and said let's recreate the card but it was a joke. It was hijinks, a piece of fun.
226 I just wanted it not to have happened. I had just been sexually assaulted by Alex Salmond. I felt like absolute hell but I didn't want to think about it. I didn't want anyone to know this guy had touched me or been like that with me. He had other women and I didn't want to be considered as that.
227 Brac's distinct feature is that it has established institutions that have self-financed programmes.
228 During that outbreak (Ebola), west Africa struggled, the WHO couldn't get their people in, they couldn't get biological samples out, and the economic impact of being shut off made things worse.
229 Wearing a mask all the time will be ineffective. It will allow viruses to be transmitted around it, through it and worse still, if it becomes moist it will encourage the growth of viruses and bacteria,
230 Avoid touching your face. If you cough or sneeze, it's important to cover your face with a sleeve. Better yet, a tissue to be disposed of carefully, and then sanitising the hands afterwards. Washing your hands and drying them is the best procedure. When that's not easy to do, alcohol-based sanitiser is a good second-best.
231 In fact, masks and gloves spread more bugs than restricting their spread. Thus, washing hands frequenty is the only best way to avoid coronavirus,
232 fully recognized and legal religion.
233 Heron Road is sometimes backed up past Alta Vista Drive, and they are all going westbound. We never saw traffic this backed up before the bridge was out of commission,
234 I am very hopeful... but I can't say anything about it with absolute certainty.
235 Looking forward, the trade deal with the U.S. is expected to take away some of the uncertainty in China,
236 Most of our callers are in poverty or low income trying to navigate the system and find resources to help them in their time of need.
237 One lesson from the last crash is that saving Wall Street doesn't save Main Street.
238 That's likely still the case with the forthcoming January reading.
239 It didn't give a sense that they were thought through at all.
240 This feels different than the other market crisis in that it involves disruptions to daily life,
241 This has been really quick, really deep and, in some respects, unbelievable,
242 Businesses have no choice but to reduce payrolls,
243 The hard stop didn't really begin until late last week and it's unraveled rapidly over the last few days. I don't think the report's going to pick that up, just because of the timing. It'll be clear we have a problem. It'll be unclear how big of a problem.
244 the EU does not have a coordinated strategy to combat the coronavirus and its economic effects
245 The German government is taking far too long to come up with legislation for the planned phaseout of coal in the country -- obviously utility operators are breathing down the government's neck, hoping to secure substantial compensation for saying goodbye to coal.
246 the new social and friend networks.
247 The opening of a return to modern American life will be a public health decision, period,
248 there is no systematic evidence that acquired hospitals improve in quality.
249 To sum up: there is no systematic evidence that acquired hospitals improve in quality,
250 With Bitcoin, you have that opportunity. You're owning a piece of the protocol that's dominating.
251 would do well to use the world's most prominent pulpit to exhort businesses to behave with a stronger sense of morality,
252 You'd do these things if you were on the other side of this competition.
253 And this is where I unhappily come to the conclusion that unless we reverse that, the ambition of 10 per cent growth or double digit growth which is very much realisable for India, I think will not get realised,
254 At some point, it should occur to you that what you've been asked to do is not judging at all.
255 I don't think that in another two months we'll be in a situation where it's like nothing happened; that scenario is too optimistic,
256 It shows that airline stocks right now are the most oversold since September 2001,
257 The middle class faces its biggest threat since the 1930s
258 This could be huge if it goes on for months,
259 This is the biggest money fountain that I have ever seen.
260 This will increase because of rising electricity tariff.
261 It's exactly the kind of bridge that we need to make sure people are able to maintain some level of household stability and come out of this without complete devastation,
262 It's not cyclical unemployment. It's quarantine unemployment. Businesses aren't allowed to operate. People aren't allowed to be out of their home. The idea that if you just give people money it'll somehow prevent the unemployment rate from skyrocketing makes no sense. No amount of demand stimulus will get people to go to restaurants if they're closed.
263 The economic damage done to China implies that China cannot grow more than 4 percent this year,
264 This will trigger a further free fall of risky assets (equity, credit, oil) and a rise in gold prices and safe bond prices,
265 you cannot fool all of the investors all the time,
266 Will come too late given policy gridlock,
267 The results from our study may therefore not be as worrying as they first seem, if it means more teachers who are struggling with their mental health are now getting help. However, more needs to done to monitor and improve the mental health and wellbeing of the teaching profession -- similar to the commitment that has been made to track teachers' workloads over time,
268 There could be some signalling that they will look at the measure of inflation they target and there's also discussion over whether they should discuss the policy tools available.
269 This is not about stimulus,
270 This package would represent a very important step in the U.S. response to the coronavirus pandemic.
271 People will suffer at a time like this needlessly,
272 The meaningful decline in the union membership rate among local government workers (from 40.3% to 39.4%) might suggest Janus is having its intended effect,
273 This kind of upending of the labor market in such a short time is unheard of,
274 reveal the way we value work
275 Only 9.2% of workers in the lowest quartile of the wage distribution can telework, compared to 61.5% of workers in the highest quartile,
276 BYU obviously fits that bill, just with their three-point shooting,
277 ECB Banking Supervision is considering a range of options, such as enhancing the possible role of group support agreements for subsidiaries in [ a ] banking group's recovery plans,
278 While it is undeniable that the external environment is challenging, this is not going to change in the short term,
279 Flippers are the tip of the spear because they have the best information,
280 I have been happily independent since then.
281 It's about allocating capital,
282 [ School closures ] won't happen in isolation,
283 far too many talented public servants are abandoning the middle levels of government, and too many of the best recruits are rethinking their commitment, either because they are fed up with the constraints of outmoded personnel systems and unmet expectations for advancement or simply lured away by the substantial difference between public and private sector salaries in many areas.
284 if the choice were to be at zero or slightly negative, to be at zero is a good place to be
285 the first plant-based eatery in the area.
286 The goal is to maintain the economic growth level.
287 With the developing situation, we see that [ the coronavirus ] will continue to have a severe impact in April and May before we see a recovery in public health and the economy,
288 The same media that's been producing this intentional ignorance is saying what they've always been saying: `We're right. They're wrong. But it also permits them to turn on a dime.
289 We're cleaning up... there was a lot of confetti on the turf after the game,
290 When women sit together, you will notice the thing they talk about the most is their feelings. However, the social conditioning of men prevents them from doing that. We all know that the belief that men are strong enough to withstand whatever comes their way is wrong -- But no one knows what to do about it.
291 A quick expansion on our statement,
292 hasn't been a lot of consistency
293 the housing bubble burst in 2006, the first financial tremors were in 2007 and the major financial events were spread out from February through September of 2008. What would take years in a financial crisis has happened in days in this health crisis.
294 There's not a good reason to expect it to be worse than the financial crisis, but no one knows.
295 Consequently, consumption too has now sputtered, causing growth to collapse
296 Global central bankers are intensely focused on the downside risks from the virus,
297 While we are not assuming an Italy-style national shutdown in the US, the experience of countries like Italy, Spain and France offers some indications of the impact that extreme local quarantines could have,
298 There are good reasons to think that when people in different political camps cease to respect each other, it's harder to make political compromises and create good public policy,
299 We don't need Amazon's FDI to make India 5 trillion dollar economy, if at all we have to achieve this, then it will through our own strength of business and trade.
300 We're launching these programs to recognize the talent of our faculty and make sure they feel valued,
301 freight rates fell by 45 percent,
302 It is also important to improve business climate for people doing business, including young people, to feel secure and protected, able to develop business, create new jobs, raise salaries,
303 It's about isolation, loneliness, lack of help and lack of community. We need to recognize that this is something real and then help people to get through it.
304 programmable account and crypto-based digital euro
305 So we have to prioritise, cutting back or delaying less-important expenditures, while refocusing on immediate needs.
306 Countries want to be friends with both. It is extremely important to find a way to patch things up. Significant institutional reform is needed to bring back trust,
307 Such a re-written history would bring out the amazing continuity of a nation, which nation asserted its identity again and again at times of war and political crises,
308 the most aggressive lawyers in the world,
309 The statue of Minnesota requires first an application, and then the regulators decide, not only whether there is need, but also whether the opening of a new hospital, or adding beds, hurts the competitor,
310 Think if you're plant burned down, how would you rebuild,
311 Very obvious.... Fascism implies unreason. Unreason suggests a belief and a way of establishing the truth value of a propagation. Unreason actually makes RSS propaganda into truth.... Against this unreason, the intelligentsia and the most active element of the intelligentsia is the students,
312 Would she look urgently at the hardship scheme as well as the compensation scheme because too many people, including someone I have been contacted about today who is currently homeless, are still struggling to get any support at all.
313 You don't have to say, `Hey Dad, are you leaving me all of your money?' Try instead, `I'm thinking of doing a will for my family and I wanted to know how you went about doing yours.' Approach it from a place of caring and respect.
314 Another opportunity seems to arise after the death of someone close to the family occurs.
315 Reward programs reward spending,
316 As we continue to get up to scale, expect those cloud margins to increase further, driving accelerations in profit growth,
317 Efforts to make the production of high-protein foods more sustainable must continue,
318 have the willingness and ability to participate in political affairs.
319 prudent and affordable, and it recognises the contribution made by partners working in the business today without creating risk for our future sustainability
320 difficult decision about stores and jobs
321 We were the first group. So it wasn't all that tight the first few days, but they got their act together.
322 12 percent anticipate economic conditions will improve over the next six months, up from just 4 percent in the third quarter,
323 diagnosed with having sustained two fractured ribs and a fractured bone in the lumbar region of his spine.
324 fostering a culture of curiosity and inquiry versus advocacy.
325 If the government carries on with its current policies, growth could be less than 5% as we have been slowing consistently!
326 Instead of building a developmental state, the post-apartheid state elite has built a nanny state, which simply provides handouts to transnational companies.
327 Looking at Little Otter Creek was entirely inadequate,
328 The economic growth expectations have declined further, with the potential for a technical recession if the December numbers for manufacturing comes out and are as weak as they were in November. We also have jobs bloodbath at companies like Telkom and Walmart.
329 South Africa was already in recession prior to the Covid-19 shock, and the situation has become more challenging since,
330 With three months of partial closure, the costs already reach 354 to 729 billion euros, which is a 10.0 to 20.6 percentage point loss in growth,
331 The new team under Tan Sri (Muhyiddin's) leadership will bring changes to the country's economic landscape with prospects of reducing the burden of the people and improving their living standard,
332 the U.S. will hit a peak in deaths in the next two-three weeks, as the doubling time seems to be about two-three days.
333 This has some of the same feel of panic, some of the feel of volatility,
334 fight a potential recession even though its benchmark interest rate remains historically low,
335 tools that he largely pioneered during the financial crisis
336 The depression was 12-years long,
337 We got ta end free labor,
338 We should open up these cities to allow medical resources to get in, and to stop this human tragedy that is happening.
339 With coastal areas under increasing threat from more powerful storms due to climate change, it's critical to prevent further destruction of existing wetlands. Government should also actively seek to restore wetlands that have been lost.
340 Men are four times more likely than women to ask for a raise.
341 The benefits are obvious, viz., credible data will infuse confidence in both the health and economic spheres, and lack of credibility will breed uncertainty, slowing down economic recovery,
342 This industry is going to have more taxes, not less taxes, and I think you all know it,
343 Certainly conservatives and small government types are not crazy [ about this ],
344 Inflation expectations, those measured by both surveys and market prices, have moved lower and reside at the low end of a range I consider consistent with our price-stability mandate,
345 The Democrats are being driven so far to the left by their base that they risk alienating the center.
346 The result from the first test carried out in the Canaries is positive.
347 The tournament sold out a year out in 2012 and we're trending with very similar numbers again this time around. Given the entries we've already received for the 2021 priority draw, we are very much on the same pace,
348 too fragile for governments to gamble on an automatic sharp bounce-back,
349 Before the budget, the Indian economy was in the ICU. But after the budget, it will go straight to the ventilator. This is an anti-people and thoughtless budget that leaves people at the bottom of the pyramid in every way,
350 The Bankura Chamber of Commerce has already registered 1.5 lakh workers for the scheme. More chambers have come forward to bring workers under the scheme,
351 The deficit is nothing more than the government's financial contribution to some other part of the economy.
352 The response looks to be proportionate to the extent of the problem,
353 This has been a very difficult decision but we think it's for the best...
354 It's about backsliding into old behaviours that don't serve you...
355 I am very excited to share this award with Peter Howitt for developing what is now known as the Schumpeterian growth theory, which is a new way to look at growth economics,
356 I don't think the Europeans are worried about how weak the euro is,
357 The ties to China, exposure to the coronavirus, compounded by Japan's own domestic challenges is bolstering fears that the world's third-largest economy is likely contracting for the second consecutive quarter,
358 While the ECB's announcement has helped the bond market, it has done little for the euro,
359 these countries are borrowing so much that debt is on a rising trajectory in half of developing economies. Low interest rates are no guarantee to sustainable debt stocks.
360 for the indelible mark you have left in the management of Ghana's economy and the creation of jobs in the financial and insurance sectors of our economy.
361 If you look at some place like Sweden, Sweden has a very laissez-faire, very targeted approach, and they're doing very well. The kindergartens are still open, the grade schools are still open, most factories are still open in Sweden. They are not imposing this sledgehammer and essentially wiping out the economy,
362 it's a foregone conclusion, so why go?
363 sales are off to a strong start
364 But a large price decline or persistent price declines are unlikely,
365 Mortgage rates are expected to hold under 4% for most of 2020, while net job creation will likely exceed two million,
366 Some companies are still afraid of losing control through allowing employees to work from home or are afraid of giving them more flexible working hours -- but our study clearly shows that there's no reason for this.
367 This is more typical of what's done out of state,
368 But the idea is not to reduce cash too dramatically.
369 Our institutions have to maintain integrity in admissions by not giving away seats to students from wealthy families who may be academically underqualified,
370 We wanted the building to be in a nonspecific location for the US version -- the feeling that it could be anywhere,
371 I think that the odds of a global recession are close to 100 percent right now,
372 It's an issue of seeking what's in the sale for Ghana,
373 Our first delivery went to the Acoma people, which is one of the old Pueblo tribes. Those are Catholic tribes. They've been Catholic for hundreds of years,
374 It is often not possible to pursue a strategy of market penetration (pricing a product cheaply to sell many) together with a strategy of market skimming (pricing a product to cream the top end of the market),
375 Negative prices won't last too long. But it's the loud signal needed to force producers to shut in ASAP.
376 They see everybody on Facebook wishing everybody a happy and a joyous Passover (who) forget about people like them who don't have anybody or anything to share the joys of Passover with.
377 With this gene therapy, you can use a patient's own stem cells instead of donor cells for a transplant,
378 A lot of the large Chinese restaurants in Flushing are now closed -- for renovations they say, but it's unlikely they'll reopen,
379 I agree that Aam Admi Party has done good work in the field of health and education, but the party is also lenient towards anti-social elements. Recently, it supported those who are protesting against Citizenship Amendment Act. AAP has not taken the right step in supporting them. On the other hand, the BJP government at the Centre, in the last few months, has done what earlier seemed impossible. Be it the abrogation of Article 370 or passing the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
380 present a very serious problem because of the power they wield through their ownership,
381 the discount window is open, please use it,
382 This test was a critical step towards enabling our aircraft with a high-bandwidth communication system that cannot be jammed or detected by an adversary,
383 you don't have to get into the undergrowth
384 At the end of the day I think we have to accept to have a democratic discussion about what is property of reasonable magnitude,
385 Inequality is neither economic nor technological,
386 Being long gold is a better hedge to such geopolitical risks
387 It is impossible to shut down that much demand without large and persistent ramifications to supply.
388 For big companies that have a strong brand and are also perceived as financially powerful, these (good works) are almost a necessity,
389 I am proud of what you did,
390 Those are the ones we really, really want to keep an eye on.
391 We're in an unknown world,
392 concerts, performance-based events and parties.
393 Guy was a Hillary mole,
394 In the short-term, greater uncertainty will weigh on prospects, although this has been mitigated to some extent by the UK's offer of an extension of trade agreements for two years, in order to deal with this uncertainty.
395 The city is to some degree a microcosm of the whole country. Practically all of the insecurity problems and phenomena Colombia faces are concentrated here,
396 The longer the wait to reopen, the more painful it will be in terms of layoffs. Getting a date for reopening and getting more certainty about reopening is critical.
397 This can put patients at risk of missing treatment as well as being confused or misinformed about their healthcare needs,
398 It is imperative that the business community and government work together to ensure those being impacted receive the support they need. Small Business owners are resilient by nature, but will definitely need support to get through these challenging times.
399 Even with your tiny house edge, you are making 1% an hour and if you haven't blown tons of money on too many bells and whistles, you just can't lose. People love to gamble. Nothing's changed.
400 There is no doubt in my mind that the architects of the OxyDarko Disaster are convinced that they will successfully quell the restless masses allowing Hollub and Batchelder to continue their feudal-style leadership.   Fortunately, however, and unlike in 2019 when OXY denied stockholders a vote on the Anadarko merger, OXY stockholders will soon have an opportunity at the 2020 annual meeting to cast their votes and demand accountability.
401 They wanted to have a conversation about ensuring that we as a campaign were maintaining diversity and inclusion as a top-of-mind issue,
402 But the reality is that goal-based savings helps us save a lot.
403 final outcome of the deliberate government effort engineered by Baker and Darman to lower the value of the dollar against the yen.
404 If you can tide firms over and thereby reduce the severity of bankruptcies and firings, you can expedite the return to normal.
405 We are facing an unprecedented upsurge of Desert Locusts in the Greater Horn of Africa. Without proper containment, this upsurge threatens to provoke a humanitarian crisis,
406 I mean, I can't speak on how others perceive it. Like you guys, I've read a lot of what is reported and the admitted behaviors, and it is just simply disturbing,
407 Overall, the theory behind reducing the availability of LCMs to reduce the number of victims in mass shootings makes sense, and our empirical results suggest that LCM bans have saved lives,
408 The effects of air pollution on health and productivity
409 The evolution of cities embodies the story of humanity as it rose from primitive origins to impose itself on the world.
410 The factory is getting ready for manufacturing. It will be ready by July or August,
411 This will help in the advocacy for clean energy by delivering energy solutions. From today this service would be available in our post offices nationwide on demand by customers.
412 We're very excited to be able to offer subscribers even more of this kind of high-quality content, and with the forthcoming live stream of Tomorrowland in HD, we are able to provide a really unique, exhilarating TV event.
413 The best thing any U.S. administration can do is inhibit the regime's ability to shut down the internet and repress people in darkness,
414 Iran is one of the most strategically lonely countries in the world,
415 The signing of the Phase 1 deal would represent a welcome, even if modest, de-escalation of trade hostilities between China and the U.S.,
416 We should welcome and harness global talent, not push it away.
417 But it shows up on average in wage differences.
418 Companies will write-off late winter and early spring this year, and if coronavirus returns after the summer, it will be a financial disaster.
419 Currently the big banks are funding the big industries while small scale industries are being funded by the cooperatives. The BFIs should pay attention to loan disbursement to the SMEs in an easy and convenient manner for inclusive growth of the industrial sector.
420 We had two-and-a-half months to do the report and the Government has sat on it for three months which seems to me a bit of travesty. They obviously don't like the conclusions,
421 Helping other people makes me feel incredibly good, it's like an addiction. My grandparents lived in a poor neighborhood in North Philadelphia, but they still managed to give money every week to the church across the street. My grandmother said if they had enough money after putting food on the table, how could they not help someone that needed it more. That always stuck with me.
422 If you see your neighbors and you're tempted to stop and talk, that's fine. But be courteous to others using the sidewalk. Take your conversation to a place where you can maintain a 6-foot distance.
423 Plum Market is an outstanding partner that shares our commitment to making an impact in the community,
424 We have to look at everything because we're not winning, so you're not winning, you have to assess everything,
425 It's not the amount of money that's being spent that matters, it's how it's allocated,
426 The extent to which the Bank of Japan and the ECB have been holding corporate and private sector bonds or equities creates risk that could be a concern,
427 throwing out a lot of money in all different directions because it's hard to target the money in a timely way,
428 While our initial research found that reference pricing curbs prescription drug spending for employers, this follow-on study indicates that reference pricing also reduces costs for patients, and that both groups continue to see increased savings over time,
429 will maintain its accommodative monetary policy stance going forward so as to reduce the downside risks to the real economy and ease volatility in the financial markets.
430 Be it resolved, justice demands the payment of reparations for the victims of slavery and their descendants.
431 I suspect that the real issue is that global oil demand growth might slow, and one day decline, while alternative oil supply is cheaper than oilsands.
432 Most jobs in finance or insurance have a chance to continue with some degree of normalcy through the crisis, as they can be performed at home away from others. For just about everyone that works in hotels or restaurants, this is not an option.
433 We have now a therapy that is potentially,
434 the country which stands at the heart of Europe.
435 The most notorious of the supply shocks, of course, was the oil shock of the 70s.
436 The AfCFTA could be the most important opportunity offered to African countries in a long time. This is because, for many years, the absence of a regional economic framework has limited the continent's development,
437 The suffering and fear that is across the world, not just in this country, it's palpable, it's real.
438 We don't have a method to uncover a causal relationship,
439 We should pause to remark that COVID-19 is extraordinarily successful epidemiologically, precisely because it is not extremely lethal,
440 Despite the strides being made, we implore all Nigerians to adhere to stipulated social distancing guidelines, and practice regular hand washing as directed by the World Health Organization. We are positive that we can beat the spread of the virus, if we all comply with the safety measures as advised by the NCDC and WHO
441 I am proud to see more women register and run in the Access Bank Lagos City Marathon every year. This goes to show that our efforts in ensuring our women are actively involved in every sphere of the society is paying off.
442 I have a clear preference that the foreign currency market operate on its own, so long as the exchange rate is within a window that enables price stability and proper economic functioning,
443 In humans, flavonols similarly protect us from free radicals, products of oxidative metabolism. Flavonol intake also may be beneficial through influence on the partner microorganisms we have in the gut, the microbiota.
444 Organizations should be able to easily secure their workloads across public, private, and hybrid clouds without requiring multiple tools or creating a management headache,
445 is likely to be largely wasted on propping up stockholders.
446 The economy is in dire times, everything is going downwards, if the trend continues banks will close down, NBFCs will close down and (it will) lead to disaster,
447 It is true that the Indian economy is today headed for a serious crisis. It is, however, a myth that every crisis necessarily means an imminent collapse of the economy. The Indian economy is not very near a collapse yet; and collapse has not ever happened in our modern history simply because of our people's resilience,
448 I have been writing letters to PM Modi since 2015 on the economic policies, but he is not listening. It may be because, I am the `Jamai' (brother-in-law) as my wife is from Gujarat. I am ready to give the blueprint for the economic success
449 Security means ensuring the presence of police by having police stations on campus. Today we have to call the police; It takes time. Having a police station is important for college campuses in the country. This is not just for JNU, but we must start with JNU,
450 We're already a Hindu Rashtra. Right from the beginning, our Constitution mentioned faith, unlike any other constitution in the world. It bans cow slaughter. A Uniform Civil Code is also something that a Hindu Rashtra relies on,
451 India should recognize the strength of the PSUs.
452 If you want 10 per cent growth rate, the investment rate to the GDP should be 37 per cent and 3.7 per cent should be your efficiency factor and not 5 per cent as it is today. Efficiency in use of capital should be the objective,
453 During P. V. Narasimha Rao's time, we worked on the economic reforms as a result of which the GDP reached 8 per cent. If our PM works on my suggestions, then our GDP will reach 10 per cent,
454 We haven't said anything against Muslims. We have only said those who have been persecuted for religious reasons, who had been hanging (sic) in this country for decades without citizenship, those who have not got cards and jobs.... This state of affairs must end.
455 We believe every journey has an auspicious start point, for Arth it is Kolkata. For the second edition of India's first multi-regional culture festival we celebrated the literary and artistic fabric of this city, its history politics and films, its crafts, food and folk performances. I am humbled by the thousands that came to visit Arth - A Culture Fest on the weekend, I thank all our speakers, performers and partners for helping us put this larger than life festival of culture.
456 Basically, the gate kind of opened.
457 February's pending sales figures show the housing market had been very healthy prior to the coronavirus-induced shutdown,
458 No one has discussed ideas for making training in the construction industries free,
459 Existing-home sales are off to a strong start at 5.46 million. The trend line for housing starts is increasing and showing steady improvement, which should ultimately lead to more home sales.
460 There's an acute shortage of workers, and the cost would be much less than college tuition.
461 More construction will mean more housing inventory for consumers in the later months of this year,
462 If you look across the United States and across other countries, the unemployment rate can go up very quickly, but it can't come back down very quickly. It never has. A business whose balance sheet is in tatters after nine months without revenues might go bankrupt, it might go out of business, or it won't be in position to hire people back immediately even if demand returns,
463 Misinformation during times of a health crisis can spread paranoia, fear and stigmatisation. It can also result in people being left unprotected or more vulnerable to the virus,
464 that avoiding ice cream and other old foods can prevent the onset of the disease,
465 R > G, so what?,
466 suggests there is some truth in the common perception of a `missing inflation,
467 The unique Postgraduate Teaching Hub will accommodate growth and will mean we can place business skills at the very heart of our PGT student experience, enhancing employability and adding value to a wide range of programmes across the University.
468 We will certainly be seeking the highest penalties we can get to send a message to Trivago, and to send a message to others, not to mislead consumers,
469 Australia's supermarkets have experienced unprecedented demand for groceries in recent weeks, both in-store and online, which has led to shortages of some products and disruption to delivery services,
470 I'm not at all surprised that there is an impression that they are not thinking about aggressive pricing-I'm fairly certain they're not,
471 It's extremely concerning that the prices that Australian producers can get when they sell gas internationally is often a lot less than what they can get when they sell it domestically,
472 with monetary policy hampered and fiscal policy the main game in town, we should expect more volatile business cycles
473 The economic tools we are using are important, but it's a natural catastrophe or war -- we are in the middle of it and just getting out of it is kind of the main thing right now.
474 The depth of the recession, just in terms of jobs lost and fallen output, will not compare to anything we've seen in the last 150 years.
475 a responsibility as the grandson of Holocaust survivors to keep their stories alive.
476 But it is not documentary. And it was never purported to be. In creating this series it was most important for me to consider what I believe to be the ultimate question and challenge of telling a story about the Holocaust: How do I do so without borrowing from a real person's specific life or experience?
477 real life Jew-per heroes,
478 But you never know that in advance.
479 every professional financial decision to take climate change into account
480 help U.K. businesses and households manage through an economic shock that could prove large and sharp, but should be temporary,
481 economic shock that could prove large but will ultimately be temporary
482 We referred the incident and the parties involved in the incident, which would include not just the technical party related to the audio link, but the parties who used the information,
483 not, of course, assured
484 We have run stress tests in the past couple of years modelling the effect of a severe slowdown in China and Hong Kong.
485 Sterling tumbled in early trade and failed to regain composure after BoE's Mark Carney hinted that more stimulus could be on the cards.
486 considering the policy implications of various possible scenarios
487 The fact that we had an independent Monetary Policy Committee and an independent Financial Stability Committee post-referendum allowed us to take some pretty aggressive steps without any concern in financial markets and others that we were bending to the will of the government.
488 for the simple reason the single-payer system is more efficient than what we have now.
489 I am writing to you directly, to assure you that Edelweiss has no relationship with Capstone Forex Pvt Ltd and all allegations of FEMA violations are false,
490 If you look at something like Myanmar, we didn't have voices on the ground. We didn't know what imminent harm was, and a post that would look pretty benign outside, if you understood the situation on the ground, absolutely was much more harmful.
491 That's getting down harmful misinfo, but it's also proactively getting the right messages to the right people,
492 The issue of food security has never been more important in every neighborhood,
493 I think you explain it a couple of ways. One, you explain it that we're protecting us from being sick. When they say, `But we're kids, we can't get sick,' you explain that the more people are home and shelter at home, the more you're protecting health workers,
494 This difference has a huge ripple effect. Women need to shift from thinking `I'm not ready to do that' to thinking `I want to do that -- and I'll learn by doing it. '
495 There are moments when I can't let people in. I went to Portfolio Night at school where kids show their parents around the classroom to look at their work hung on the walls,
496 But yesterday, only 17 were able to make it.
497 keeping up its economic pressure campaign,
498 A symbolic issuance merely to demonstrate goodwill is not enough. If the IMF decides to issue SDRs, the US would get about 17 percent of all SDRs, and high-income countries would receive about 62 percent. The US and European central banks have already embarked on massive quantitative easing and there is unprecedented access to US dollars. Their politicians have announced trillion dollar figures for economic stimulus amidst the pandemic. So the nations that would actually benefit from an SDR issuance are middle - and low-income countries that are set to experience enormous financial shocks in the weeks ahead.
499 Let us make no mistake. In Africa -- as elsewhere -- we need to accelerate the pace and scale of our collective action,
500 made it plain that the UK is no longer seeking the kind of access to vital EU databases and security tools that would replicate our existing relationship, despite its own analysis stating repeatedly that failing to participate in existing tools would mean a serious loss of capability with damaging consequences for public safety.
501 Its new red lines make it exceedingly difficult for anything more than the standard third-country relationship with the EU on security cooperation to be negotiated.
502 Our addiction to stock-price inflation is politically and economically toxic,
503 Politics is never easy and being in a five-party Executive comes with its own set of unique challenges. But we have one shared purpose -- to improve people's lives. We are committed to working together to deliver for all in our shared society.
504 It's not going to be easy, but we're going to be driven back to developing the existing labour force, including the people who are economically inactive,
505 Right now, we don't need stimulus. We need the opposite of stimulus. We want the economy to stop, in many ways. Right now, we need liquidity. We need people to be able to pay bills.
506 That very strong package of measures is helping the U.K., but given the UK's sizeable role in the world economy, it's actually helping everyone,
507 We have witnessed the world economy coming to a standstill, way worse than the global financial crisis,
508 In search of yield, institutions are more open to take higher risk, and that risk buildup ought to be the center of attention,
509 Today we are confronted with a crisis like no other,
510 global growth will turn sharply negative in 2020,
511 There hasn't been interest in pursuing SDRs from the U.S. side, in fact they went that far to say that they are not favouring SDRs,
512 Only through sharing, coordination, and cooperation will we be able to stabilize the global economy and return it to full health.
513 This marks a clear recognition by our members for Somalia's strong and sustained commitment to economic and financial reforms, despite very challenging circumstances,
514 containing the virus and having an effective, coordinated response to the crisis.
515 I don't think any bondholder will accept a restructuring if you don't already have an agreement with the fund,
516 This is in my lifetime humanity's darkest hour, a big threat to the whole world and it requires for us to stand us, be united,
517 That point of more uncertain global environment is one I want to stress very strongly. Australia saw a significant risk to its own growth prospects because of forest fires. We had a week of uncertainty because of tensions in the Middle East and now we have Coronavirus,
518 Gender inequality remains widespread across countries and regions. IMF research shows that countries cannot fully prosper without tapping into all its talent,
519 they urgently need help.
520 I advise everybody not to jump to premature conclusions. There is still a great deal of uncertainty. We operate with scenarios, not yet with projections, ask me in 10 days,
521 urgently seeking $18bn in new loan resources for the Poverty Reduction and Growth Trust, and will also likely need at least $1.8 bn in subsidy resources
522 The 36 Strategies of the Chinese,
523 The drop in payrolls indicates that gross hiring stopped suddenly before layoffs began to rise because jobless claims in the survey week were only about 65K above the prior trend. Payrolls, however, capture the difference between the pace of hirings and firings; there are no reliable real-time data on the former. The net job losses are concentrated in leisure and hospitality, down 459K, with smaller declines in most other components, including retail, education, and healthcare, though the latter will rebound,
524 But it seems prudent to expect a healthy drop in March and April, and perhaps May, too,
525 Even aggressive, rapid stimulus won't prevent an horrific employment report for April,
526 The sharp downturn in growth apparently promised by the weakening of business surveys from the spring through the early fall has not materialized,
527 though it's not clear if all of these calls led to a formal claim.
528 The UK and the US are a couple of weeks behind, thanks mostly to the incompetence of their governments, so daily deaths will continue to increase, albeit at a slowing pace. We expect the peaks to be about 2K and 3-to-3.5 K, respectively, both by mid-to-late April,
529 the next decade must see unprecedented levels of collaboration if we are to meet global climate, biodiversity and Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 1t. org presents an important example of how stakeholders from all walks of life can work to achieve a single, globally significant goal.
530 The best way to foster a more cohesive and inclusive society is to provide everybody with a decent job and income. In Davos, we are creating a public-private platform to give one billion people the skills they need in the age of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. The scale and urgency of this transformation, calls for nothing short of a reskilling revolution,
531 There will be some kind of a deal... a mini-deal at the end of the year,
532 and I'm guessing that these were mostly the larger firms... so it's in the interests of everyone to delay, to delay, to delay,
533 to provide further insight into our business and the opportunities ahead.
534 In the fourth quarter, our total revenues were $46.1 billion, up 17% year-on-year and up 19% in constant currency,
535 We have revised our projection for the year from an already low 3% in November to only 2.4%, lower than in any year since the financial crisis. In a downside-risk scenario where epidemics break out in some other countries across the globe, the slowdown will be sharper and more prolonged,
536 Growth prospects remain highly uncertain,
537 We really wanted to express solidarity with Garca Pea, with other people like her, who in almost every case are facing challenges for who they are in addition to the work they do -- in Garca Pea's case, a Black Latina working on things that challenge a common and dominant understanding of what counts as knowledge, what counts as work, what counts as meaningful contributions to scholarship,
538 After the 2009 financial crisis, the coronavirus could become the second textbook case where a coordinated European stimulus package makes sense,
539 For us, the greatest value of this cooperation is the initiation of mutual learning through practical work with current nuclear producers. Implementation of nuclear power requires a number of related elements to be thoroughly analyzed and further developed to make this power generation competitive with other alternatives,
540 In particular, we prohibited sending requests to them before May 1 about paying taxes.
541 The corresponding government decree will be signed in the near future,
542 should not confuse regional and federal prerogatives.
543 It is North Yorkshire County Council's formula and (the scheme of 19 people) is the way county is dividing things up, but we could say we are prepared to take more,
544 A special moment that led to a string of hits and two unforgettable albums
545 but it wasn't really about that.
546 The Met Police counter-terrorism squad contacted me on Friday. They wanted to communicate a message from the Swiss that they were aware I was coming to Davos and the Russians didn't like that fact. We don't know what their agenda was but the plot has been foiled. There was no specific warning of an imminent attack but they were concerned about my security on the basis the Russians want to cause me harm.
547 I certainly wouldn't go to Russia for medical treatment,
548 The people who are most vulnerable right now, the one who have just had their hours cut or find themselves unemployed are also the people who don't typically have great big super balances anyway. If you're a young person, you may not even have $20,000.
549 But it's got to be remembered that the survey was conducted before we saw those queues around Centrelink... I think the general consensus is expecting the unemployment rate to reach 10 per cent.
550 This is either going to bring out the worst in us or it's already beginning to bring out the best in us, as times of crisis often do,
551 We fought them almost to a draw with our seventy-five thousand.
552 As sick people come to hospital E.R. s, and as they are admitted to hospitals, we can expect the number of people getting surprise medical bills to explode,
553 But it's also stretching out our imagination about ugly scenarios that could occur -- and that makes having implicit insurance, i.e. lower greenhouse gas emissions, more attractive.
554 excited about the recent listing of Kenya's Acorn Holdings, the country's first green bond in January 2020.
555 We are in a race to save lives. No country will be left behind.
556 Gloves are probably even worse, because people put on gloves and then touch everything they would have touched with their hands. So it just becomes another way of transferring micro-organisms. And inside the gloves, your hands get hot and sweaty, which is a really good environment for microbes to grow.
557 He is always thinking of other people and what he can do to help others,
558 He argued India's case with passion and eloquence. At a time when the Western powers were ruling the roost, he had the temerity and courage to take them on on his terms. But after 1957 or so, his tongue and his manner, barring occasional flashes of constructive engagement, created a negative global image for Nehru and India. For years thereafter, the ghost of Krishna Menon lingered over both the substance and style of Indian democracy -- needlessly argumentative and combative. And that ghost still lingers,
559 It didn't happen suddenly but was done at the behest of some people. We know who these people are. I am making a direct allegation that the HRD Minister and the Home Minister were involved. This was State-sponsored goondaism.
560 We are virtually non-existent in Bihar. We are almost extinct in UP but we are strong in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. In Haryana, we have come back,
561 It's outrageous that we allow that continue -- put all that energy into negotiating international trade agreements and not come to our senses domestically.
562 In assessing incoming data, the Bank will be paying particular attention to developments in consumer spending, the housing market, and business investment.
563 Monetary policy is playing a backup role.
564 That's complicated but that's a solution to the affordability issue,
565 The intent of our decision today is two-fold: to immediately support the financial system so it keeps on providing credit, and, over the longer term, to lay the foundation for the economy's return to normalcy,
566 With no word out of Russia regarding agreeing on the [ OPEC technical committee ] production cut suggestions, traders are back on the path of least resistance for oil prices, which is lower,
567 no one really needed prodding
568 They were this big shipping, export-everything, low-cost manufacturing exporter. Now they want to be this high-value-added, internal consumption, internal investment nation of shoppers. So in some ways this will help their transition,
569 odds of a global recession are close to 100% right now.
570 The good news is, incentive works,
571 Research indicates that first-gen students disproportionately experience barriers to accessing support and have a diminished sense of belonging. I am committed to helping them meet these challenges. The first and most important thing we can do is to help students make connections with the countless people across campus who believe in them and are eager to help them succeed.
572 The building does look ratty but when the curtain comes down everyone will be pleasantly surprised at all the hidden treasures.
573 While the repercussions of the virus are spreading to other parts of the world, what happens in China will have major implications for global energy and oil markets.
574 for the first time ever in the region
575 there are few signs of the large-scale change in capital allocation needed to put the world on a more sustainable path,
576 could play a leading role in boosting market stability.
577 It's also providing insights into how that role is set to expand and evolve in the years and decades ahead.
578 Why shouldn't HP take the money and run at this point?
579 What is OXY hiding?
580 It's like selling insurance to someone who's going to go to the electric chair in a couple of months,
581 Now, it's a foot away and you go, `My God, it's really bad!
582 You've entered not just the world of accepting credit risk but of allocating it as well,
583 Economists have a really hard time saying over 50% probability of recession. I assure you, almost every economist out there is thinking over 50% probability,
584 In a recession, people will look for the best bargain. They're not going to look for the luxury, high-end home.... They're going to look for the `give me what I need at a good price. '
585 Bago po tayo manalangin, para magkaroon ng significance ang ating dasal at pananalangin, maunawaan po natin na ang lahat ng kalamidad na ito at disaster ay bunga ng sinasabi ng Banal na Kasulatan -- the curses of sins,
586 Gambling is not an evil in itself, but as the sector develops, it is important to be able to control the risks involved and minimise the negative consequences,
587 He went down and worked harder and came back up and scored some great goals. So it was really the character. Always so very very positive.
588 Now the government is letting selected Chinese medical suppliers ship abroad. But because it's a pretty ad hoc and non-transparent system, it's pretty much tantamount to an informal export ban,
589 This is the worst type of short-term thinking,
590 The leadership's need to ensure that expansion stabilizes around the official target of 6% is all the greater because of other challenges it faces: notably, the unrest in Hong Kong and the Democratic Progressive Party victory in the Taiwan elections as well as the future of relations with the U.S. after last month's `phase one' deal.
591 Those who require their proceeds to be remitted back to China can now do so.
592 Attainment of the vision is underpinned by various governance, economic and administrative reforms being implemented by Government. The project is expected to strengthen the transparency and accountability oversight mandates of the three institutions in line with the Transitional Stabilisation Programme, which prioritises fiscal consolidation, economic stabilisation and inclusive growth as well as employment creation.
593 What this means is that there are those who will be investing in Zimbabwe from China,
594 Government is engaging and supporting the local industry to identify capacity to locally produce within the shortest possible time, basic food stuffs, and pharmaceuticals and provide services as an import substitution measure,
595 A huge amount can be inferred about the immediately forthcoming weeks from these data directly, including whether further policy changes are needed to reinforce social-distancing, for example in particular age groups.
596 The fires have had a devastating personal and economic impact on the areas affected, and the whole country has been affected by these fires,
597 Another source of uncertainty is the coronavirus, which is having a significant effect on the Chinese economy at present. It is too early to determine how long-lasting the impact will be.
598 Further policy accommodation will prove necessary when it becomes clear to the RBA that its current overly-optimistic expectations for growth and jobs are not being met,
599 Our links with China are much more extensive than they were, the Chinese population is much more mobile than it was in 2003 and the Chinese economy in 2003 was growing very strongly,
600 The Japanese government's decision to wait for the China-friendly WHO to make its much-delayed declaration of a global health emergency led to the first cases of domestic person-to-person transmission and tarnished the country's international reputation,
601 The people that are delivering groceries for Uber Eats and Grubhub are soldiers on the front line, exposing themselves to this virus to deliver food to many people who are not going to the grocery stores,
602 The worst global recession since World War II
603 The Netherlands are currently leading a group of countries that oppose this strategy, and Germany also seems to want to follow this group,
604 They make revenue off the collection.
605 It's natural for people to be fearful in bear markets and I expect this bear market is not over,
606 Some investors have been confused by [ my ] remarks,
607 Just by making the data available, she could change the world.
608 If that happens, we can win the war against the virus and the markets and the economy will soar,
609 Hilton is the canary in the coal mine... it's going to zero,
610 Those people are making enormous sacrifices. [ The president ] is not saying storm the beaches of Normandy right now, he's saying go home, go home, spend a month with your family.
611 I learned that it takes a lifetime to build a reputation, and someone can destroy it in a few days.
612 The shift in the stance of monetary policy that we undertook in 2019 was, I believe, well-timed and has been providing support to the economy and helping to keep the U.S. outlook on track,
613 But it is still too soon to even speculate about either the size or the persistence of these effects, or whether they will lead to a material change in the outlook,
614 The fundamentals in the U.S. are strong,
615 amply vindicated. People rushed to banks to exchange their holdings of old notes for new notes, but as there was a shortage of new notes, amounts handed over to banks could only be credited to their bank accounts, from which cash withdrawals were permitted on a restricted basis until the supply of new notes could catch up with demand. The shortage of cash disrupted agricultural markets and operations in the informal sector, both of which are highly cash-dependent
616 Even without being certain about the extent and duration of the new virus, the impact of the novel coronavirus on Asian and global hospitality will be worse than in the past.
617 For most Americans in other quintiles to envy or resent those in the top quintile,
618 People like Paul Krugman were saying that when Trump gets in, the economy is going to tank. No, the economy hit new highs.
619 Imagine how much faster the research would advance if these researchers were working in collaboration, sharing the results with others, and posting them on the web so the researchers throughout the world could learn from them,
620 We will absolutely not accept the actions of anyone who thinks they can get away with assaulting an emergency worker, and we will always look to take action and seek prosecution for those individuals that commit such offences.
621 Look back at the history of 20th century pandemics, and they have not budged the fundamental force of urbanization,
622 Most of these cowardly acts currently take place with little or no consequences.
623 We've been dealing with four different phenomena at the same time-rough seas, winds, fires and the [ sandstorm ], which has had a huge effect on the day-to-day life in the Canaries,
624 Sleeping With The Third Reich: America's Unspoken `Alliance' with Nazi Germany against the Soviet Union -- Nazi Germany largely depended on oil shipments from US Standard Oil,
625 The current state of affairs in the lower leagues will no longer exist in the future. I'm anticipating there being a wildfire in the amateur leagues.
626 The U.S. is already running trillion-dollar deficits, which shouldn't be increased unless there's a real need to do so,
627 There is a scenario where all the hit takes place in the first quarter and by April, like a v-shape, China is back to normal.
628 While there are signs of stabilisation, the global outlook remains sluggish and there are no clear signs of a turning point.
629 A U.S.-China Phase I deal, if durable, is expected to reduce the cumulative negative impact of trade tensions on global GDP by end 2020 -- from 0.8 percent to 0.5 percent,
630 A partial recovery is projected for 2021,
631 Governments could offer temporary and targeted credit guarantees for the near-term liquidity needs of these firms. For example, Korea has expanded lending for business operations and loan guarantees for affected small - and medium-sized enterprises,
632 They had absolutely no way to convey that to the FOMC. And [ former Fed chair Alan ] Greenspan didn't want to hear anything about it,
633 turn into a political entity,
634 Understandably, there is concern about what acquittal means for the #MeToo movement against sexual harassment and assault. I don't think it needs to have any adverse implications for that important and necessary cause, because jury trials are not and must not be part of any broader movement. If the crown brought forward a flawed case -- and it did -- the failure belongs to it alone, not to wider campaigns for equality and social justice,
635 I thought it meant that he would try to have sex with me, to have sexual relations with me.
636 Valuations have been so high; we're at unprecedented levels in this space, and there's record private equity money on the sidelines,
637 you can think of this as the true launch of GitLab's global channel program,
638 YOU have put up the prices, not us, not the Government, it is you,
639 banks were reluctant to rely on discount window credit to address their funding needs
640 I like his madness. And I don't give a shit whether City fans don't like it or if there's a few of them whinging that probably weren't even fucking born to know who he fucking even is. So kiss my arse.
641 It's my favourite version; it's silky smooth and it's fizzy bubblech. Turn off your mind, relax and float downstream!
642 Go and get Ole, man. Have him, he'll do the business,
643 Liam I did something horrible last night,
644 Let me tell you this: it has been offered and he knows about it. Liam Gallagher and Noel Gallagher called time on Oasis back in 2009 (Image: GETTY) He's obviously gon na say no, because he'd like to be the person to break the news to people because he's the f *** ing oracle,
645 We've been offered 100 million pounds for a tour still not enough for the greedy soul oh well stay young LG. (sic)
646 I intend to retire as solo artist after album no3 as I have just had a call from my brother begging me to start oasis again in 2022 if you believe in life after love c'm on you know LG x (sic)
647 So... just while I'm in between having my nails done and taking my regular elocution lessons I'd like to point out AGAIN that I'm not aware of any offer for any amount of money to reform... Oasis,
648 It's an honour to announce that I will be doing a gig for the NHS and careworkers at London's The O2 on October 29th.
649 Our scenarios show that even a contained outbreak could significantly impact the global economy in the short run,
650 This is truly what we are facing. I'm sorry to say it, it's my country and I'm not very happy to say it, but it's an imperial power in decline and it's a dangerous country right now and it will be absolutely dangerous if Trump wins re-election.
651 We are at an early stage at looking at what NATO can do.
652 Iran's support of a variety of different terrorist groups,
653 We will only stay in Iraq as long as we are welcome,
654 no other NATO ally suffered more from terror attacks than Turkey.
655 NATO allies provide support for Turkey today. We augment their air defences, we have AWACS planes helping to patrol the skies and we also have port visits and provide support in other ways,
656 We are in this crisis together and when we respond together, our response is more effective
657 I don't believe that the best response to propaganda is propaganda. I believe that the best response to propaganda is the facts, is the truth,
658 What are you going to do in 30 years time when our population doubles?
659 Again, the new NAFTA will not solve the climate crisis or remedy this administration's most egregious environmental rollbacks, and if it was solely an environmental agreement, I could not vote for it,
660 that they are praying for us.
661 Just as there were some in the U.S. who opposed a deal with Iran, plenty of hardliners within the Iranian government -- including extremists like Qassem Soleimani -- fundamentally opposed any negotiations with the U.S.,
662 And the next one is they've got to use fiscal policy in a very targeted way to support demand -- and I think the government has made it quite clear that that is what they're looking to do.
663 Decreasing class sizes is just about the most expensive thing you can do,
664 I don't think that there's any chance that by the end of the year the level of GDP, the unemployment rate, any measure of well-being for the economy, is not going to be higher at the end of the year than it was at the beginning of the year, and certainly not higher than you would have predicted.
665 I have asked my officials to immediately engage with the RSA to introduce measures that will address issues arising from the suspension of these services. It is critical that we give drivers as well as operators of commercial vehicles peace of mind in relation to the status of their licence, learner permit, NCT certificate or certificate of roadworthiness, especially if it has expired or is likely to expire during the period of the Covid-19 health crisis,
666 The new board will now deal with this task with urgency, working collaboratively with its stakeholders.
667 I'm very, very sorry that Finian McGrath and John Halligan are not standing,
668 I am very, very sorry that Finian McGrath and John Halligan are not standing, but come polling day Independents will be very strong again
669 knowledge of where to go and look
670 Loan guarantees and direct cash transfers will stave off bankruptcy and default on debt, but these measures cannot restore the output that is lost when social distancing keeps people from producing goods and services.
671 No loan has been taken from State Bank of Pakistan in the last seven months,
672 The federal government or any of the provincial government or any specific institution cannot do this job alone, but we will have to make joint efforts to cope with challenges of Covid-19,
673 This is an issue we have to think about as a country. My main purpose is not to criticise but to present facts. This is also a challenge for the government.
674 Put together, it makes the country's economic environment toxic. It's for this reason that we have to encourage public-private sector collaboration as soon as possible, and that can be done by bringing back Malaysia Inc,
675 The biggest obstacle is not that people are concerned about a carbon tax or cap-and-trade, but they would love performance standards,
676 We didn't design our living environment to be in such close proximity to family for so long.
677 You can look at the state of the world and say, `This is the outcome of 8 billion rational people, and this is the best we can get?' Or you can look at it and say, `This is the outcome of 8 billion irrational people working in a suboptimal system and there is lots of room for improvement.
678 Jamie Dimon is the literal JPMorgan of the modern world,
679 that doesn't change what we need to do with our ordinances,
680 We will talk to the UDF because MCP does not look promising... we can also enter into an alliance with DPP or Mutharika resigns and I take over, or he dies and I take over.
681 We're delighted to be able to bring all the important players together to ensure that the event is secured and, along with it, the jobs and investment supported by it,
682 How long that remains the case for we can only wait and see,
683 Obviously if there is unemployment, which accrues within the industry, then those unemployed workers would be entitled to the same consideration as anyone else through the Commonwealth package,
684 which protects firms and employees against shocks like the 2008 crisis, so that R&D investments and innovation survive those major setbacks.
685 Without programmes to reduce widespread risks, or to insure or otherwise respond to the remaining risks, farmers are often unable to accumulate enough capital to invest,
686 I have a whole campus full of cruise ships,
687 subject-matter expertise on staff.
688 And one of the most important -- and most difficult -- of our tasks is to ensure that all members of the community feel empowered to speak their minds.
689 Our students are organizing and protesting,
690 it isn't my fault your shite team is in the relegation zone,
691 states are gaming the system by misqualifying people to get higher federal match rates
692 There are people eligible under some pathway, but that pathway is one where the state bears some more expense and (the state is) ripping off the federal government,
693 support rapidly deteriorating and stressed economies
694 The ruble became much stronger last year and the accumulated effect of such strengthening is still manifesting now. The ruble remains stronger than a year ago even if January fluctuations are taken into consideration. The effect of the last-year change of the currency rate and its disinflationary effect will be exhausted in the first half of the year,
695 to help prevent rare, high-severity disease outbreaks from becoming pandemics.
696 For a couple decades now, Ed has been the leading thinker about the economics of place,
697 Compute the size of the GDP and it becomes clear that the target of $5 trillion will be reached not in 2024-25, but in 2032-33,
698 It is not at all unreasonable to me,
699 It may be part of a developing consensus within at least part of the Beijing policy-making elite that China will pay an unacceptable price if it does not allow GDP growth rates to drop substantially,
700 One area that people tend to overlook is the importance of the processing centers,
701 That's one of the most dangerous moments [ for healthcare workers ] because you don't know what's going to happen, you're right in the patient's airway.
702 The bill has widespread support from the waste industry itself and environment groups who understand we've hit a point of no return on our waste crisis.
703 In a closed loop, we're seeing huge donations to the major parties by the Big Four and lucrative public contracts in return,
704 We're anticipating a $30 million reduction in revenue for 2020, comprised of a $17 million reduction in sponsorship sales, $10 million reduction in programmatic CPM-driven sales, and $3 million in other revenue initiatives, such as events,
705 All the international measures have been taken without any coordination; it is quite unprecedented,
706 Oil Price Volatility and U.S. Macroeconomic Activity,
707 one third of the world
708 The fiscal-monetary distinction may break down
709 Things are moving very fast, and minds are too.
710 We know there are many people who want to be with their families and loved ones during this difficult time. We are thankful to the Australian Government [ due to loosening the strict bilaterals at this time ], airports, and staff for their support in helping us to add additional flights to get people home, and in particular, to bring flights to Brisbane.
711 Since 2001, both airlines have witnessed the significant benefits codeshare cooperation have brought, providing passengers with unrivalled service and seamless connections.
712 We won't know for a long time what the full magnitudes of the decline are.
713 Whatever the result of the election, half the country will believe America has been saved and half will say it's been destroyed. These two Americas do not eat together, do not play together. They say it's too late for unity. They have simply lost trust.
714 I don't think going after the child of a vice president is going to move any undecided voter,
715 President Trump gets high scores from both GOP - and Dem-leaning voters on proposals for technical training in every high school and permanent funding for HBCUs.
716 I hesitate to be a native informer and I hesitate because I'm a Kashmiri person... Personal stories are important, but it's equally important to zoom out and look at the Kashmiri's situation and what it is.
717 In a tail-risk bad-case scenario, a further spread of the virus and severe restrictions on normal activities would prolong the recession through the second half of 2020 before a rebound starts in early 2021,
718 This is not a eurozone crisis,
719 In all likelihood, the hit from the virus on Europe will be greater than the hit from Sars, when economic activity outside China softened only a little,
720 it would be all spending that therefore would add to the deficit,
721 There are lots of things to keep us busy here for the next several years [ on the health care coverage front ],
722 The animal spirits will go, the stock market will go, until at some point the Fed gets in the game [ and reverses ] this insane monetary policy they're running.
723 would be the best administrator to run this country
724 It's so explosive. It defies imagination.
725 We will be looking at the companies with the lowest TPI ratings,
726 You worry about people being underpaid partly on an equity basis, but more on whether or not they'll be discouraged from accepting Medicare patients... What you want is to get the payment right while you try to save money. Underpaying can lead to undesirable consequences, just like overpaying can.
727 A lot of this depends on the horizon. I wish pension plans had these longer horizons. Buffett makes it happen even though he has shareholders, and pension funds seemingly have long horizons but they don't act like it. They should be long illiquidity and welcoming a negative skew because they can ride out a GFC.
728 Every sector of the economy is affected by what's happening right now. The constant throughout all this will be farming,
729 They will set prices based on what they believe the market will be able to bear. That's basically how it works. They're very good at pricing and that's why you're seeing growth in sales and retail sales, particularly in food.
730 More and more people could actually be tempted to buy online. This is actually what's happening in China by the way. The sales are up 20 per cent year to year online because people don't necessarily want to go into a store physically or don't want to physically be present with other people just because they're scared of contracting the disease.
731 But if it goes on and reaches the 20 day mark, or the 30 day mark you have to get your money -- you have to cover your cost. So, you may actually see [ food ] prices fluctuate a little bit.
732 It's not uncommon to be in an office tower in Vancouver and find yourself surrounded by people who are delivering food,
733 I think we are really well calibrated now.
734 wait until there was greater assurance that the transmission mechanism of monetary policy via financial markets and the supply of credit to households and business was working effectively
735 It's one of the things that people tell us... they've never seen brothers who love each other as much as we do. And we truly do.
736 largely conducting business as usual.
737 Many people criticized us, they said this is a kind of treasure chest, that the finance ministry is sitting on gold,
738 short, sharp weather events with some flash flooding
739 Something is making life worse, especially for less educated whites,
740 [ The meeting ] will discuss further cooperation on the coronavirus [ response ] and also [ to prepare for when ] similar diseases occur in the future,
741 A day off of work for them can have quite a financial impact, especially when you consider things like how low the minimum wage is, so those workers are much more likely to have to go into work when they're sick,
742 All hell is breaking loose: What can I do to protect myself? I'll get a gun,
743 [ T ] he evidence is overwhelming that a gun in the home increases the likelihood not only that a household member will be shot accidentally, but also that someone in the home will die in a suicide or homicide.
744 Eventually, I think what happens is people's expectations get real. You decided you wanted to be the Prime Minister of Canada and that was your ambition when you were 25... 35, you're still struggling, 45 you go `OK, I'm going to do something else,
745 for calm from the governments of the world
746 We are grateful for the support of Argentina at this difficult time, and are confident of a strong recovery for the tourism industry, with long-term, sustainable growth to come,
747 That's why all government institutions were asked to accelerate spending, including spending that would support tourism,
748 We really have to have more teeth in the fines and penalties so that they can have a deterrent effect,
749 Being David's colleagues it has been a privilege,
750 But I guess the best way I unplug is being at home. I have three dogs that are amazing, my wife and my son, Brett, who we go hang out and do things. We're in a bowling league every Sunday, father-son -- it's a Sunday morning men's league, he's 25, but we've been bowling for a long time.
751 What we want patients to hear is that family doctors are there for their patients, so the question is how do we do that to keep everybody safe,
752 It takes that long to get everything ready and prepared and in place to support and to build all of the elements that come with the Super Bowl,
753 It's starting to look like Super Bowl around here,
754 Not even during the Great Depression and World War II did the bulk of economic activity literally shut down, as it has in China, the United States, and Europe today. The best-case scenario is a return to growth in the fourth quarter of this year,
755 Ryan Fitzpatrick's 37 this year. He'll be 38 next year. You know he's not the future of the franchise. But he's a great person, he's a great mentor and he's the kind of the guy you want there to introduce the next quarterback.
756 Its' really great to see the fruits of that happening -- the results of having a Super Bowl here,
757 That is why I have decided to convene a Task Force comprised of administration, faculty, students, alumni, and outside experts to evaluate the adequacy of our policies in protecting our culture of mutual respect, trust, and support and the feeling of safety for all of our students. And I would like the work of this task force to include a review of the impact of social media and anonymous messages on our culture.
758 The places where the Dutch established [ sugar factories ] persisted as manufacturing centers,
759 Isabelle filed a complaint and the prosecutor was informed in person but nothing was done.
760 the subtle satisfaction of voting.
761 We are facing a joint health and economic crisis of unprecedented proportions in recent history,
762 We just want the commission and the government to set up a fair and equitable playing field where the Amazons and Flipkarts cannot abuse the system with unfair subsidies and their favoured traders.
763 We put it together and had our team working with a lot of individuals, and flew to China and with the help of companies like Martin Lau at Tencent, and the ambassador, and the people on the ground, and our crew who flew, they just went in there and they did a great job,
764 What keeps me up at night is drawn from my experience of not seeing the build-up of risks prior to the GFC, so much of which involved risky and opaque intermediation away from banks.
765 a powerful global deflationary wave.
766 origins of the coronavirus catastrophe
767 This is a pretty rough thing to say but I think we need to ram that home to them, we need to make it perfectly clear that if any country wants to trade with the international community and engage with the international community they are extremely welcome but there are certain standards that have to be met,
768 Value has started 2020 with an extremely severe loss versus very long-term history, and, defined in a wide variety of ways, the worst loss yet... over the entire long 2010-2020 value drawdown,
769 It is the duration of the outbreak that, at this time, is difficult to predict,
770 Starting and growing a business is one of the most powerful tools for women to overcome poverty and build better lives for themselves, their families, and their communities,
771 It's not clear these guys are going to survive,
772 The theme of the fest is `Umeed' which means hope. In today's time and age hope is required for everything. `Umeed par akash thama hua hai' . If there is no hope life will become insipid. The programmes like VOXA, gives the students of the college a chance to discover their hidden talent in singing,
773 The truth is there is no Bad Boys without or. They're the heart and soul of this movie, and we nobody can take that away,
774 brought Keynesian economics into the classroom
775 We put up a piece white paper and taped it over the thing,
776 A year ago we applied for our licence to be transferred to a new company which would help us to deal with legacy issues that were left over from when we took over the running of the company.
777 He never turned kids away,
778 It isn't government spending that will lead to a decarbonized economy. It's policies.
779 We like the business because it has a proven concept which enables them to earn high returns.
780 Again, we need look no further than the Los Angeles Rams to see an effective example of this: 71-year-old Wade Phillips, who has coached in the NFL as a head coach and an assistant since 1976, has proven instrumental as an assistant to McVay.
781 However, we may not see a dramatic rise in growth numbers due to the fact that as growth prospects improve, the authorities feel less need to support growth via monetary or fiscal policy.
782 Investors are looking past the fourth quarter of 2019, and there is concern that the coronavirus may spur another quarterly contraction, with tourism and trade being hit,
783 Establishing such an ambitious goal for waste reduction is paramount to ensuring a better world for future generations,
784 I'm friends with Pitbull and I sent him the demo after he'd sent me a note asking what I was working on,
785 Let the People Rule; How Direct Democracy Can Meet the Populist Challenge.
786 The Coronavirus pandemic is putting the brakes on world trade,
787 The spike at the end shows what unprecedented territory we are in right now. Furthermore, this is just the tip of the iceberg. We estimate that by the summer, 14 million workers will lose their jobs due to the coronavirus shock, with significant losses in every state.
788 This `phase three' package should finance a sizable amount of household consumption (including through a major expansion of unemployment insurance), give fiscal aid to state governments, provide a payroll tax credit to businesses to not lay off workers, ramp up direct government purchases of things like medical equipment to help fight the virus, and make sure the duration of all measures to address the coronavirus economic shock are determined by economic conditions, not arbitrary timelines.
789 These reasons make it difficult to isolate the effects of trade policy uncertainty, and possibly result in an upward bias of its effects on the global economy,
790 A practical tip is to wear older shoes or boots that you don't mind getting a bit of mud on during this rainy, soggy time of year,
791 four horsemen of the optimist
792 not because of exhaustion of arable land, but because farmers are wildly successful in producing protein and calories.
793 I don't think we took time enough to explain to people what was involved. I think, later on, people have understood it better. For example, people thought that one district one factory meant one new factory per district. No, that was never the case.
794 If you just want to give up on downtown Clearwater, then just scrap the park and put some walking trails and some playground equipment and a little stage and call it a day.
795 Starting Thursday night (00:00 Moscow time January 31-TASS), we are suspending railway service. Trains will only follow the route Moscow-Beijing and Beijing-Moscow,
796 The bridges were in bad shape before. Now they're critical. They need to be fixed.
797 There are places where fiscal spending can actually produce an immediate boost in demand,
798 When officers of the administrative service resign from their dream jobs because they do not believe they can serve in good faith, they are living testimony that the sacrifices made by the generations that got us freedom still inspire emulation,
799 The first sign of difficulties in India often seems in foreign exchange. So far compared to other emerging markets our exchange rate has stayed quite stable, presumably from some support of the Reserve Bank of India. I should say we have depreciated some against the dollar, but you know countries like Brazil have gone down 25 per cent. We haven't been in that situation,
800 They didn't even let ambulances come into our areas.
801 Since policymakers take what economists predict seriously -- even after the 2008 financial crisis -- they have been duped and have drastically underestimated how severe climate change will actually be,
802 The imminent threat of a no-deal Brexit, on January 31, is negligible,
803 they failed to auction my house, Imran Niazi and Punjab government have made my residence a shelter-home which is contempt of court after the IHC decision.
804 This is a deadly cocktail. Indeed, many believe that under Modi, India is already being transformed from the `world's largest democracy' into the `world's largest police state' ,
805 very rare moment of change
806 Washington state's history is a sorry litany of big businesses making threats that if you don't give them this or that, they will take away jobs,
807 It is not a tax on workers, it is not a tax on jobs, and it is not a tax on small businesses,
808 The rapidly expanding authoritarianism of the Modi government... is of concern, not only to the millions of Muslims, oppressed castes, women, indigenous, and LGBT people in India, but also to Seattle's South Asian immigrant community,
809 We are trying to meet the demand that is already occurring.
810 We project the recovery will take about six months starting in mid-March or April,
811 While market functioning has been able to withstand large swings in asset prices so far, anecdotal evidence suggests that liquidity has been tightening in many markets.
812 You need to ensure your governance processes empower staff to... prioritise doing the right thing even if that might have some negative financial effects
813 `explosive leaks' from the Bolton Book are just like `explosive leaks' from the House Basement testimony
814 For example, if you plug a machine learning model into a datastream that wasn't designed for that model, it may start making inferences and decisions that negatively affect people's lives,
815 Essentially, the government becomes the employer of first resort,
816 Given that these companies are so high-risk, you sort of have to think through that,
817 Let things cool down, come together and do what is best for the greater interest of the people, nation and party,
818 The situation in those populated areas is normal. On [ Saturday ] afternoon, residents were assured that there will be no more disturbances and the situation is under control,
819 What type of committee is that?
820 By the information economy, in most people who were already respectful of social norms, the brain will strengthen self-discipline
821 Rather than tightening financial regulations, Washington loosened them in the next two decades, even when new crises arose. In Alan Greenspan [ chairman of the US Federal Reserve ], nominated by the Republican Reagan, but strongly supported later by [ Democrat ] Bill Clinton, the vested interests of the financial community were well served in the name of narrow free market ideology.
822 The next six months are likely to be painful,
823 We have some patients that are immune suppressed, that are extremely vulnerable, and [ this ] is part of our efforts to protect patients, and at the same time protect our workers, which is extremely important in these times,
824 failed to adhere to Forbes' editorial standards
825 In 2019, households paid $1,200 more for goods because of the China trade war. Was anyone in this room hurt by the increased cost of underwear or plasma TVs at CostCo?
826 In tort-based systems, they're all paying more because you're paying legal costs and these settlements are a tremendously slow process,
827 So governments have to freeze the economy and order people to stay home.
828 The economy is still being supported by very firm private sector spending, and that is a positive development in our economy. More importantly, private investment might turn around,
829 The Lawton access board has been meeting for the last few years, and they have these as their 1,2,3 priorities, So LETA essentially just adopted those, because it makes sense,
830 LETA plans on getting these sidewalks built in smaller segments. So instead of waiting 18 months, then building all that sidewalk, they will start it in sections,
831 unemployed, people with low income and cash on hand or [ those ] who have maxed out their credit cards, including people with good jobs who are temporarily illiquid,
832 We knew they were going to hit shots. But I knew if I come down and hit a shot that's going to take the momentum all away. And I know big-time players make big-time plays.
833 When interest rates are low, as they are today, the cost of not acting is pretty modest,
834 Let me just disassociate myself from the Lieutenant Governor of Texas,
835 making the exam closed-book at remote settings, without opportunities for monitoring and enforcement, could lead to inequities among students.
836 The lockdown is helping overcome the health risk the country faces. However, only by ending the lockdown can we address the economic, social and quality of life challenges,
837 Private schools can suspend even without the permission of DepEd,
838 Some of the most egregious things at the urban level are the public pension plans,
839 You don't really understand a city until you've actually walked in the streets,
840 The expectations for 2020 declined to 4.8% and 5% for 2021.
841 This is an area where he is very strong,
842 We have been informed by the office of the vice-chancellor that the scheduled lecture by professor Patnaik has been put on hold due to the prevailing situation at the university,
843 And they came into a business environment that had been deregulated to the point where there were, more or less, no rules. Smart people were encouraged to grab what they could get.
844 Congress will certainly have to do more if the shutdown is prolonged,
845 disrespectful of the competencies given... in the treaties.
846 have a pattern of high-conflict behavior that increases conflict rather than reducing or resolving it.
847 Talking to the `Right Brain' in a Conflict
848 We will see the bottom when the coronavirus infection rates stabilize. It's going to be a pretty deep bottom from which to come up.
849 We've had a hard time with health and everything else like that and we thought we could manage (injuries) a little better,
850 What I'm saying is that within the context for the framework for monetary policy, we also have to look at the impact on employment and on stable prices. And if other central banks engage in those unfair practices, it can effect employment.
851 A firm that doesn't have a lot of competitors may not need to take its profits and reinvest them,
852 Domestic businessmen will take a wait-and-see attitude. In such situations, the effectiveness of government investments (including the National Projects) and the question of whether the pension reforms will have a significant effect will become critically important,
853 After one of our class videos went viral, my family and I have been receiving threats from alt-right online groups and other online posts.
854 Nothing is bulletproof, but the balance sheet at Exxon is unbelievably strong,
855 Once the decision was announced by the ECB that there would be no cricket until at least the end of May it became inevitable the Matt would not be returning to Kent this season.
856 The concept of property rights went back to biblical times,
857 Asked G20 to double emergency financing capacity.
858 Everything has to be on the table. We simply don't know yet how the crisis would evolve,
859 It does look like that growth for 2020 could be in the region of 1 per cent -- from the 2.25 per cent expected earlier, going by the way the virus has spread, affecting global output and trade in both goods and services,
860 Our legal construct is such that we cannot do measures that may be possible for others without this big global responsibility,
861 only a small reduction for the entire year
862 [ A ] t the top of the income distribution, our research shows that marginal tax rates can be raised without sacrificing economic growth.
863 If the pandemic fades in the second half of the year-thus allowing a gradual lifting of containment measures and reopening of the economy-our baseline assumption is for a partial recovery in 2021,
864 the case for a coordinated and synchronized global fiscal stimulus is becoming stronger by the hour.
865 for sure, there will be need for more,
866 Today, I am pleased to say that our Executive Board approved immediate debt service relief to 25 of the IMF's member countries under the IMF's revamped Catastrophe Containment and Relief Trust (CCRT) as part of the Fund's response to help address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic,
867 a critical gap in the Fund's toolkit.
868 paramount to prioritize containment and strengthen health systems -- everywhere.
869 The monetary policy space is shrinking and the reliance on fiscal measures as well as on structural reforms to boost growth ought to be stronger,
870 For example, coming with the unified tax system, and the demonetisation that took place. These are steps that over time are beneficial, but of course they might, might be somewhat disruptive over the short term,
871 We should not create uncertainties on our own, when we have plenty that are dumped on us by Mother Nature.
872 I stress there is tremendous uncertainty around the outlook,
873 Others, including China and the Netherlands, are also stepping forward with important contributions.
874 What helps is concentrating on actions. Who cares if it will be 0.1 or 0.4 or 0.5? If we act, and focus on that, lives would be saved, suffering would be reduced and the economy would perk up faster.
875 to set massive spending plans
876 We will massively step up emergency finance -- nearly 80 countries are requesting our help -- and we are working closely with the other international financial institutions to provide a strong, coordinated response,
877 A coordinated fiscal response can boost growth,
878 a more aggressive swing in structural reforms.
879 The length and depth of this recession depend on two things-containing the virus and having an effective, coordinated response to the crisis,
880 We had a downgrade in one large market India but we believe that's temporary. We expect the momentum to improve further going ahead. There are also some bright spots like Indonesia and Vietnam,
881 It is not surprising that in-person courses are, on average, more effective. Being in person with teachers and other students creates social pressures and benefits that can help motivate students to engage. Some students do as well in online courses as in in-person courses, some may do better; but, on average, students do worse in the online setting, and this is particularly true for students with weaker academic backgrounds. Students who struggle in in-person classes are likely to struggle even more online.
882 Playing an instrument has been proven to have mental and physical benefits, including boosting creativity,
883 She wants to find and grow composers. It's incredibly unique.
884 Taking part can be a spiritually powerful way to lift our hearts in a difficult time by being united in prayer at the same time throughout the world.
885 The Energiewende has been successful in electricity generation, where it has been effective at substantially increasing the share of renewable electricity supply. To further support the role of renewables, the government will need to ensure a transmission grid expansion and promote the development of hydrogen technology,
886 With a combination of a massive supply overhang and a significant demand shock at the same time, the situation we are witnessing today seems to have no equal in oil market history,
887 We have seen that some actors came up with the motto of killing the shale industry in North America,
888 an abundance of energy supply in terms of oil and gas. It's the reason that recent incidents we have seen -- with the Iranian general, Qassem Soleimani, killed, Libya unrest -- didn't boost international oil prices,
889 We need to make sure gas is available in areas where they need it. If you eliminate all coal and you change it with gas, there will be huge reductions in carbon emissions,
890 The successful replenishment of the Bank's African Development Fund 15 - to which Canada contributed substantially with $355 million-will allow the Bank to deploy an additional $1.2 billion to address fragility, strengthen resilience and sustain peace and economic security,
891 I wish to commend the ECOWAS Heads of State and Governments for their bold decision to set up a fund to help address these insecurity issues in the sub-region
892 There has to be climate justice,
893 The Africa of the 21st century is very different. The Africa of the 21st century is new and more confident,
894 The underlying hiring trend is robust, providing a sturdy foundation for domestic growth. However, this is due to be challenged in the near-term by weak global growth in general and coronavirus supply-chain disruptions in particular,
895 You have to factor that into the equation.
896 We're looking at a very broad range of indicators of financial data... financial conditions are much broader than that... different indexes quite frankly are really capturing more about risk appetite than they do about underlying financial conditions,
897 We need to be humble in the precision of our understanding of full employment,
898 The U.S.-China deal implies that the amount of uncertainty related to trade war declines significantly in the short-term,
899 Things have changed since 2007.
900 We don't get emotional about money. But when health and welfare is involved and people's lives are involved, that sort of eats away at our spirits.
901 I'm not going to stand in front of an oncoming train,
902 We need a good balance that benefits both current and future homeowners, but right now, the balance is still in favor of home sellers.
903 The trend line for housing starts is increasing and showing steady improvement, which should ultimately lead to more home sales. Mortgage rates have helped with affordability, but it is supply conditions that are driving price growth.
904 We saw the year come to a close with the economy churning out 2.3 million jobs, mortgage rates below 4 percent and housing starts ramp up to 1.6 million on an annual basis,
905 The rise in the homeownership rate among the younger adults, under 35, and minority households means an increasing number of Americans can build wealth by owning real estate. Still, in order to further expand opportunities, significantly more inventory and home construction are needed at the affordable price points.
906 What we may see is GDP growth for the first quarter down substantially, but then in subsequent quarters they'll likely significantly increase spending,
907 barely break 3 per cent
908 You wipe out oil in California, what do you do? You're more dependent on foreign oil,
909 The at-risk jobs that are being affected are in lower quantity than other regions.
910 Agreements between competitors not to supply certainly raises cartel concerns and the law is pretty clear on this,
911 are at least $10 per month higher than what consumers paid for equivalent ADSL plans
912 Saying that they were tough and didn't need the trade?
913 We brought this case because we consider that Trivago's conduct was particularly egregious,
914 The only answer we've got is, keep calling this out!
915 There will be no conventional drilling in Flinders Street. There will be landholder approvals, they will put in place all the proper processes... but getting rid of the blanket ban just makes enormous sense.
916 Our volunteers have made a significant impact on the performance of Australia's broadband, but we can only continue to bring more transparency to this market if more volunteers sign up,
917 So it can be a tricky issue but clearly you can't have companies changing terms and conditions after the event.
918 We don't normally comment on any potential investigations but we've had representations from politicians as well as dealers (about the Holden shutdown and its impact on dealers and consumers), so I think it's appropriate to make some acknowledgement of this,
919 necessary and appropriate during this crisis
920 Business cycles usually hit small retail establishments and restaurants... relatively lightly compared to heavy industries. This one, I think, is going to be the reverse,
921 I'd like to thank my friends and family for standing by me over the last two years.
922 Just over a year ago when we finished the civil action, the judicial review, I said I had great faith in the courts system of Scotland,
923 It didn't finish, it shouldn't have started. Both of us agreed it would be put behind us,
924 No there was no policy like the one that's been described,
925 It was not meant to be anything more than that,
926 I'm a fan of privacy, but then again, we are talking about a very unique position, and maybe there should be an exemption.
927 Polymer notes are safer than paper notes, and last more than twice as long. They are also better for the environment due to both their longevity and recyclability,
928 You've been out of the game too long, Beardy.
929 Our decision to move to polymer notes will deliver lasting environmental benefits due to their durability.
930 We will make sure that we give UK businesses the support that it needs.
931 I'm more optimistic than some in believing that we should be able to negotiate a trade deal in this time period-I don't see why it would be a problem.
932 All told, a reasonable judgement is that the combined conventional and unconventional policy space is in the neighborhood of the 250 basis points cut to Bank Rate seen in pre-crisis easing cycles,
933 These are still early days, and it is less of a case of so far so good, than so far, good enough.
934 The coronavirus is having two effects. In the short run, it's making us focus on the pocketbook,
935 The FAI was a hornet's nest and it came up to bite us very quickly,
936 People don't say what they mean in these situations.
937 It's a very volatile constituency. Dublin Rathdown always has been and it's always punished its poll toppers and I was a poll topper last time and the time before.
938 I suppose if they're coming from those areas we would be taking the same precautions, but it's difficult to know,
939 we will restore Sport Ireland funding for football development programmes of  2.9 million annually, doubling this amount to  5.8 million each year from 2020 to 2023.  800,000 of that funding will support programmes that underpin the development of the men's and women's national leagues.
940 Today was an important step towards Somalia resuming financing from international financial institutions, including IDA, our fund for the poorest countries. I congratulate Somalia for embracing important reforms that can do much to encourage sustainable poverty reduction, and I thank our international partners who have worked with us to bring Somalia to this important stage. We are glad to have worked closely with the Federal Government of Somalia in assisting their progress over the past few years and look forward to opportunities for greater World Bank Group support for the Somali people.
941 We're announcing today an initial package of immediate support that will make available up to $12 billion to respond to country requests for crisis financing of their immediate needs and also to lessen the tragic impacts of the crisis,
942 Many were already in a difficult debt situation, leaving no space for appropriate health and economic response. We are ready to frontload IDA19 with up to USD 35 billion and identify additional resources. However, we cannot have IDA resources go to pay creditors,
943 a standstill in their repayment expectations,
944 The breadth of the response is key to effectiveness,
945 We have to hope that the Fed getting out in front of events, not to mention other central banks, pushes the economy in the right direction,
946 You don't have to be an environmentalist to care about protecting the environment. Just ask a farmer who now must rent beehives to pollinate his crops, because there are no longer enough bees in wild nature to do the job for free. But bees don't send invoices, so the value of their services is not recognized,
947 but the glimmer of hope is that because the recession has been induced by social distancing, in three months or whatever when this has passed... life can go back to normal. I think that if a vaccine came out reasonably soon, say in the fall, then life could go on pretty fast.
948 For Menon to find a place in today's politics, you need a Nehru, because Krishna Menon would not have been Krishna Menon had Nehru not embraced him intellectually and given him space, got him into politics, got him elected to the Rajya Sabha and then the Lok Sabha and inducted him into the cabinet,
949 unmitigated disaster like coronavirus for the Congress.
950 The local level leaders of the Congress need to be nurtured. They have to be given freedom and autonomy. The substance and style of our leadership has to change,
951 Delighted that Supreme Court has just given OK to reintroducing cheetahs from Namibia,
952 There were two Menons out there, Patel's key advisor was V.P. Menon and Nehru's key advisor was Krishna Menon. Krishna Menon did not like V.P. Menon and the feeling was mutual. Mountbatten used to get along with both. V.P. Menon would meet Mountbatten to tell him what Patel thought and Krishna Menon would meet him to tell him what Nehru thought,
953 Prime Minister Narendra Modi should admit that his economic policies have been unsuccessful that has resulted in a grave economic crisis. He should consult Dr. Manmohan Singh, who was not only the former Prime Minister but a highly acclaimed economist. Mr Modi should talk to him and find a way forward,
954 In the last five months, no meaningful political activity has taken place in Jammu and Kashmir. The Congress party wants that meaningful political activity start in Jammu and Kashmir immediately. Political tourism of taking envoys to Jammu and Kashmir should stop,
955 Provide option to defer tax payments by six months. Extend permission for delayed GST payments, without levy of interest, late fees or penalties, to all statutory payments. Advisory to waive all taxes to local bodies, fixed charges on electrical installations, property taxes for at least next three months,
956 I think within the next year [ low unemployment and slow wage growth ] will remain, and then to the extent that this activity inspires other activity that's probably also a factor,
957 There's a lot of evidence that the first post-grad job you get sets the stage in some important way for later.
958 That will really matter to families who are suffering as a result of this downturn,
959 I would guess the U.S. will hit a peak in deaths in the next two to three weeks, as the doubling time seems to be about two to three days,
960 Is it crazier than having hordes of financial market analysts parsing every word uttered by a monetary official, obsessing over the minutes of the latest Fed meeting, trying to glean clues about what must happen next? It's almost as if we've forgotten how to engage in free enterprise because we're waiting for marching orders from a central planning agency. I think we're the rational ones. They like to brand us as ideologues, but, in truth, we're the realists, and that sobering fact is becoming clearer every day as reality continues to whipsaw global markets.
961 Our government is promising so much to so many and at the same time we let the government control the value of our money and all of that would really go against the grain with our Founders -- who did not see it as the government's task to supply everything to everybody,
962 a more coordinated relationship with both Congress and the President.
963 would not advocate going back to a prior historical monetary arrangement.
964 Listeners will benefit because this collaboration brings more resources to cover the news in southern Colorado and northern New Mexico, and KRCC's news will now have wider distribution via CPR. It also provides valuable learning and internship opportunities for our students.
965 Serving as your president for the past nine years has been the greatest honor and joy of my long career in higher education,
966 While CC is envied for its distinctive Block Plan and special location, since my arrival in 2011, I have known that our greatest asset is our people. Our staff, faculty, and trustees are innovative and talented, and most importantly, they always put students and our core mission at the center of their work. Our students and alumni are independent, curious, and adventurous leaders who distinguish the college by the impact they have on the world.
967 The Chinese economy is shutting down, the European economy is clearly going to struggle now with what's going on in Italy,
968 If the U.S. goes into recession, the stock market will be down, everyone will be hurting, and that will undermine the luxury market,
969 Goods producers added jobs, particularly in construction and manufacturing, while service providers experienced a large gain, led by leisure and hospitality. Job creation was strong among midsized companies, though small companies enjoyed the strongest performance in the last 18 months.
970 If they pass something fast, it's big and it restores confidence, we could get through this without actually having a recession,
971 The virus is a body blow to the Chinese economy, and the ill effects are reverberating across the globe,
972 Last week it was all about stopping hiring. This coming week it will be about laying off workers,
973 COVID-19 came out of nowhere,
974 Unemployment is low, the stock market is high, wage growth is sturdy and gas prices are low.
975 You might see some price declines in the Western markets that got very juiced up, very speculative,
976 The solutions we're showcasing at CES make it clear that Bosch aims to become an innovation leader in AI as well,
977 Artificial intelligence is not science fiction anymore -- it's already an integral part of our daily lives,
978 This is the original demo. It's my favourite version; it's silky smooth and it's fizzy bubblech. Turn off your mind, relax and float downstream!
979 That c *** can't even fucking sell out Apollo in Manchester -- 3000 capacity in his own f *** ing town, the f *** ing embarrassing f *** ing donut,
980 Once this is put to bed we need to get Oasis back for one hell of gig right!
981 weren' t a fucking great band
982 We've got to become mates again
983 She ain't getting off that lightly haha.
984 You're going to have one really bad quarter,
985 both parties could not wage war at all, not even knives are produced in their regions.
986 But the results will depend on leadership from both companies and government officials. I currently have more confidence in the former than the latter.
987 flexibility on order size and allowing smaller customers to manage their inventory
988 It certainly does not look good for him. I'll tell you that... In the next 10 episodes, you'll see that even in death the gods are on his side. Though he lost the battle, in death he is also won because he died the way every Viking wants to die; in battle,
989 It's so important to have that mentor figure growing up,
990 Phase one, and done
991 Today is a good day for the White Earth Nation.
992 A Reference Manual for Child Tax Benefits,
993 These fellows demonstrate abundant promise as future faculty members, and we are honored and excited to host them,
994 We have to move forward and continuously develop the country. The government must solve problems that can be solved (now),
995 When smoke inundates your area, people should try to stay indoors,
996 When we see what's happening in countries such as Italy and Spain, I personally find the call for solidarity extraordinarily convincing.
997 In economic terms, there may be little difference between a no-deal Brexit that could have occurred on the 31st of January, and a hard Brexit that could still occur at the end of 2020,
998 It is not an easily communicable concept that we currently have a `close' and a `below' ,
999 This is a test for the euro zone
1000 Why do people fear terrorism and SARS so much more than automobile accidents and cardiovascular disease? Because terrorism and SARS seems new and unknown, and therefore uncertain,
1001 I'm not a virologist,
1002 If it turned out the [ coronvirus threat ] wasn't so bad, you kind of wanted to make the government bigger [ and ] you kind of wanted to do these transfers anyway, so you're willing to err on that direction, but clearly the most effective expenditures you could make are ones that address the problem, [ such as ] that build up the health sector.
1003 is far too politicised to substitute consistently for modern independent technocratic central banks
1004 Having debt rise from 89% to 90% is no more discrete an event than having your cholesterol level rise from 199 to 200, or driving your car at 56 miles an hour in 55 mph speed limit,
1005 not always been encouraging,
1006 On the other hand I don't think it's harmful to the Wall Street Journal either. I think it's very positive to the Wall Street Journal that he is taking the time out of his day to write about this article that they wrote, which just drives people to want to read the article.
1007 Once rates get to a certain level, the effects start to disappear quickly. There's a balance between cheaper credit and making people concerned that there is a serious problem. There are much better policies to stimulate growth than cutting rates.
1008 There will need to be a conversation between epidemiologists and economists to understand this two-way street between the epidemiology and the economics,
1009 We are working tirelessly with staff, unions and all of our partners to take measures to protect the airport's future and in turn the local and regional economy and the jobs we support.
1010 We were also advised the grassy, peat areas of Sule Skerry are covered in puffin burrows, so visitors are recommended to avoid walking on these areas where possible. What's more, there are often seal pups on the island any time between November and March and they like the rocky area behind the mast.
1011 as well as being confused or misinformed about their healthcare needs
1012 far more successful billionaire with the smarts, motivation and elitist mentality not only to propose but actually carry out his own deeply authoritarian vision should he be elected president.
1013 If the judge doubts anything, it means that he has questioned the qualifications of FSB employees, and no one wants to get involved with this. The career of both a prosecutor and a judge can be over in a moment,
1014 If they don't pay bills monthly and carry a balance with a high interest rate, relying on cash is a good discipline,
1015 Many other countries need to pass it, and then everybody who's passed it needs to enforce it vigorously. And there needs to be thousands of people on the Magnitsky List, not hundreds. That's the first thing. And I think it will be. I think it will become the new tool for dealing with human rights violators, dictators, kleptocrats. And I think it will really cause great harm to people who are doing terrible things. And I think, secondly, that there needs to be grave consequences for people who enable these types of activities. And the Magnitsky Act probably doesn't cover that, but I think that the current legislation does. Money laundering legislation, anti-fraud legislation, anti-bribery legislation should be enforced vigorously against the enablers so that anybody does that realises that they could go to jail. You know, right now they wear fancy suits and go to the same clubs as everybody else, send their kids to the same schools, and they need to be pulled out of the respectable life and given a choice: You can either be part of the respectable world or you can be a criminal, and be with criminals in jail.
1016 There was a period of time over which my confidence in Vladimir Putin slowly degraded.
1017 It is both terrifying that the Russians are doing this but it also shows that my campaign for sanctions is hitting a nerve and I'm not going to back down
1018 Powell needed to give markets a more certain sense of the Fed's willingness to move rates further as necessary.
1019 The impact of the coronavirus on earnings may well be underestimated in current stock prices,
1020 six times bigger now than it was then,
1021 They knew how good Greenwood Christian was, and for a half, we actually competed. We stayed within what we were trying to do.
1022 People should not be trivialising this disease-while it is for most a mild to moderate illness, for some it's not,
1023 We may not require to acquire more land for other phases,
1024 could barely get through the day
1025 like an election-with people, policies and technology in place to protect against census interference.
1026 Mark is an enormously, enormously talented guy. He has a great product sense.... People think he doesn't understand people. That's just clearly wrong.
1027 Right away, we knew we can't be making these decisions,
1028 The longer the crisis goes on, the greater the risk to small businesses and to the livelihoods of their owners and employees. We've listened to small businesses to understand how we can best help them. We've heard loud and clear that financial support could enable them to keep the lights on and pay people who can't come to work.
1029 I recall hearing [ commentator ] Christopher Martin-Jenkins on radio saying `surely someone, somewhere could come up with something better' and I soon realised that it was a mathematical problem that required a mathematical solution.
1030 It's making our political system ineffective, and it is making our markets dysfunctional... There is now a rich body of research that is coming out of political science that is showing that the economic inequality that we have is translating into a lack [ of ] political power.
1031 You need an unemployment system that in this moment can pivot to 100 percent reimbursement to 100 percent of people who are not at work,
1032 Russia has every right to feel safe within its borders but so do our members states,
1033 Allies continue to consult & remain committed to our training mission in Iraq.
1034 If the United States is concerned about China, the size and rise of China, then it's even more important to maintain NATO -- to keep your friends and allies close,
1035 a critical test of the Taliban's willingness and ability to reduce violence, and contribute to peace in good faith.
1036 if Taliban is able to demonstrate real will and real ability to reduce violence, and we see a path to peace.
1037 It's tried and tested, we exercise it, and it's institutionalised, and it is the ultimate security guarantee for Europe.
1038 We will look into how we can step up and speed up our efforts,
1039 I think the demise of the INF Treaty, which is a bad and negative thing, shows the importance and the strength of NATO,
1040 What is safe (in the country)?
1041 But they also employ as many people as there are inhabitants of that country.
1042 If Singapore doesn't care, Singapore will be left behind,
1043 In case of coronavirus, it makes some sense,
1044 It still remains to be seen on enforcement of the exchange-rate component and the deal overall,
1045 misrepresent a real person or borrow from a specific moment in an actual person's life.
1046 simply did not want to depict those specific, real acts of trauma,
1047 She talked about starvation in the camps and how she was known as the Garbage Queen of Unterlss,
1048 at 6 years old, it was really hard to understand the depths of such horror, such evil. The closest thing I could relate it to was the comic books I loved and the superheroes I followed. It became the lens through which I saw the Holocaust. As I got older, I began to see the reality, the sobering truth and visceral nature of the atrocities.
1049 xenophobia, hidden crimes, and truths,
1050 In speaking to the `chess match' scene specifically -- this is a fictionalized event. Why did I feel this scene was important to script and place in series? To most powerfully counteract the revisionist narrative that whitewashes Nazi perpetration, by showcasing the most extreme -- and representationally truthful -- sadism and violence that the Nazis perpetrated against the Jews and other victims,
1051 Things are now questioned about the Holocaust. `Oh, was it really six million? Or was it less?' So it's a slippery slope of arguments that are made by intellectuals or historians, quote unquote, who try to chip away at the truth for whatever reason, whether they're anti-Semitic, whether they actually believe this, whether they're anti-Zionist -- whatever it may be.
1052 The Afro-American Suite of Evolution.
1053 He is an outstanding scientist, and advisor and mentor of our graduate students.
1054 not a worst-case scenario.
1055 Containment measures and fear of infection would hit production as well as spending and drive many of the epidemic affected countries into outright recession,
1056 One more obstacle to growth is supply bottlenecks. I think the most obvious one is the frequent power outages. Those take a really heavy toll on aggregate supply,
1057 The promised reduction in supply will help stabilize the market,
1058 Our commitment to contribute to the well-being of the communities we operate in has always been at the heart of our business,
1059 I don't think there has been anyone in Australia whose heart has not broken somewhat by this despair, but our budgets can only stretch so far,
1060 Our GDP growth rate is 11 years low and the investment figure of the country is 17 years low. While private consumption is seven years low, agriculture output is four years low. But none of the areas was addressed in the budget,
1061 In August 2019, a letter was written to FM Nirmala Sitharaman about the increasing number of fraudulent transactions in GST. So the time has come to overhaul, in collaboration with each of the state finance ministers in a federalist polity, where we put our heads together to restructure the GST policy for the sake of the small and medium enterprises and the businesses of the country.
1062 Considering the gravity of the present situation in tea gardens in the state, I propose to waive the agricultural income tax to the tea gardens for the next two financial years 2020-21 and 2021-22,
1063 Professor, what have been the Forum's inflexion points in the last 50 years?
1064 It is what the World Economic Forum was founded for 50 years ago, and it is what we want to contribute to for the next 50 years.
1065 Sounds more like you've been making fun of Trump for `years' and you're scared he might find out this time and shut you out (again).
1066 The current pandemic expands the argument: capitalist globalization now appears biologically unsustainable in the absence of a truly international public health infrastructure. But such an infrastructure will never exist until peoples' movements break the power of Big Pharma and for-profit healthcare. This requires an independent socialist design for human survival that includes -- but goes beyond -- a Second New Deal. Since the days of Occupy, progressives have successfully placed the struggle against income and wealth inequality on page one -- a great achievement. But now socialists must take the next step and, with the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries as immediate targets, advocate social ownership and the democratization of economic power.
1067 The entire university should be proud of this accomplishment,
1068 Sometimes what you need is that community to believe in you.
1069 This is excellent, comprehensive, covering many areas of the financial markets, their function, the flow of credit -- this is exactly what was needed,
1070 Patients can certainly get better with these bone marrow transplants, but it requires finding a matched donor and even with a match, there are risks,
1071 We did not expect the virus to spread so rapidly and so widely throughout the globe. Considering such a wide spread of the virus, the country's economic growth may be expected to fall short of the earlier estimate,
1072 And taxpayers aren't just dreamin' to believe that California can produce a full record too.
1073 As the president has stressed several times, people should already now be feeling real changes for the better, so far this is happening far from everywhere,
1074 has a kept low profile while serving as the head of the Federal Tax Service since 2010,
1075 The most important thing is to remove limits for business.
1076 I am convinced that it is necessary to tax such operations, and to correctly assess any economic consequences of using cryptocurrencies,
1077 cut down on contacts as much as possible
1078 advanced western information technologies to Russia.
1079 but it's not huge, to moving people and goods with biofuels and electricity instead of gasoline and diesel.
1080 He shouldn't take this into account, but judges are human,
1081 We are proud to add value to dispensaries and deepen our customer tool set by making in-store operations and customer check out seamless for our clients across the U.S. and Canada.
1082 So don't put your tree out fully decorated, please.
1083 This is the message we're anxious to get across, that it is not really risky in the airplane environment,
1084 The economy is broadly evolving as the ECB has been expecting, so we don't expect any shift in policy at the January meeting.
1085 You're getting so many documents, it can just get lost,
1086 Today we made a very difficult but essential decision,
1087 We have nothing negative to contribute at this point,
1088 The bills have already been heard, I think it's about making sure that they actually do something,
1089 That's the best way for us to deal with this American democratic crisis,
1090 I look at it in the light most favorable toward solving problems,
1091 wetland preservation is likely to be a comparatively effective way of protecting coastal communities against tropical cyclones.
1092 world where [ too many ] players have enough power to block everyone else's initiatives... where decisions are not taken, taken too late, or watered down to the point of ineffectiveness.
1093 ... we, the public, also bear a responsibility. After all, it was the citizenry that put our leaders into office and acquiesced in their divisive manifesto, which they have taken as their marching orders,
1094 The 21-day lockdown is a first step, which buys India time to improve its preparedness. The government is drawing on our courageous medical personnel and looking to all possible resources -- public, private, defense, retired -- for the fight, but it has to ramp up the pace manifold.
1095 If China's stomach is not full, the price goes up and everyone pays a higher price.
1096 three of the best mines in the world
1097 The sad thing is that this data shows how little we really know about the level and spread of the novel coronavirus in the United States,
1098 actively promoting this military coup
1099 Chernin Entertainment will retain 70 of the 80-plus movie projects that it had in development at 20th. The projects remaining at Disney -- like a new `Planet of the Apes' film with director Wes Ball (`The Maze Runner' ) -- are based on Disney-held intellectual property, and Chernin will remain attached as an executive producer.
1100 greater degree of autonomy,
1101 But how they will extend classes, whether longer hours during the day or on Saturdays or on Sundays or however they do it, they will have to comply with what is required by law,
1102 I am sure that Syrian doctors will be so grateful that they will work very hard for the benefit of this country. The idea that we turn people away is abhorrent. I rue the day that Britain turns its back on these people in great need,
1103 It's important because it's a big industry, big employment and it just stopped dead,
1104 No firefighter ever got criticized for using too much water.
1105 Consumer and business confidence could be set back for a longer period of time, causing economic growth to slow more persistently,
1106 In the days to come, the Bank will launch its new Standing Term Liquidity Facility. This new funding mechanism is focused on individual financial institutions rather than the market as a whole. It is intended to give an eligible institution that is viable, but facing a sudden stress to its liquidity, access to central bank liquidity on terms that are known in advance. Governing Council hopes that institutions facing liquidity issues will make use of this new facility.
1107 We are a team at the Bank of Canada,
1108 no longer actively raising capital
1109 at near-all-time tight levels of credit spreads,
1110 We will go through a Depression-era period in this country, and millions of people will die around the globe,
1111 I found her idea really interesting, and I very quickly understood what she was trying to accomplish,
1112 is likely to increase substantially over the coming years
1113 We need to shut it down now... This is the only answer. America will end as we know it. I'm sorry to say so unless we take this option
1114 the stock market will soar, and the clouds will lift. We need your leadership now!
1115 ready to use over 40,000 respiratory support systems,
1116 some more or less stable trend can be documented,
1117 TAKE NOTICE that the above Appeal will be listed for hearing before the Supreme Court of Nigeria on Wednesday the 8th day of January, 2020 at 9.00 Hours
1118 Treasury will ensure that Zimra expedites processes on refunds and requests for extension of the time period within which tax is payable without accruing interest and penalties for companies that shall experience Covid-19 related cash flow challenges,
1119 They have needs now and they borrow from loan sharks, so the solution is that we should create this fund and capitalise it to the tune of $100 million. We think this is a good figure and for them to benefit from borrowing, they should also contribute and we worked it out to 2,5%. That will then allow them access to a certain level of credit, of borrowing,
1120 The President of Zimbabwe, Cde Mnangagwa is rallying all Zimbabweans to rigorously and diligently work towards attainment of the country's Vision 2030 to transform Zimbabwe into an upper middle income economy by 2030,
1121 We understand this is on account of the shortage of inputs, erratic rain patterns, as well as difficulties for farmers to access tillage,
1122 very alert about financial risk
1123 We need to get the credit system working smoothly in a way that will help fundamentally healthy firms survive this period. That would avoid a lot of damage to the economy,
1124 The costs associated with a very low neutral rate, measured in terms of deeper and longer recessions and inflation persistently below target, underscore the importance for central banks of keeping inflation and inflation expectations close to target.
1125 is having a significant effect on the Australian economy at present, particularly in the education and travel sectors. The uncertainty that it is creating is also likely to affect domestic spending,
1126 We're not responsible for designing climate change policy, but we are responsible for understanding implications of it.
1127 If the unemployment rate were to be trending in the wrong direction and there was no further progress being made towards the inflation target, the balance of arguments would change,
1128 The coronavirus outbreak overseas is having a significant effect on the Australian economy at present, particularly in the education and travel sectors,
1129 it's expected to remain around this level for some time, before gradually declining to a little below 5.0 percent in 2021.
1130 persists for an extended period, the effect on economic activity is likely to be larger than currently projected,
1131 a major hit to economic activity and incomes... that will last for a number of months
1132 provide additional support to employment and economic activity.
1133 Policy measures have been announced in several countries, including China, which will help support growth,
1134 Practical Utopia: Strategies for a Desirable Society
1135 Success brings with it the duty to give back, and I am just grateful that I am now in a position to meaningfully help the next generation.
1136 The packages that have been put together in recent times are very expensive,
1137 The reality is that 75 to 80 per cent of everything you see in a grocery store that's been processed would have a genetic modified ingredient - and really, you can't tell as a consumer.
1138 People will buy products they may not even need. But they do it because they feel they need to protect themselves or they feel that a precious resource... is going to be running out. If you feel ill-prepared, you will succumb to this temptation of panicking.
1139 Given where the market is going, that relationship will require some rethinking. With beer consumption comes context. A growing number of people drinking beer today are not necessarily hockey fans, let alone watching a hockey game.
1140 I'd start with lettuce, radishes, tomatoes and cucumbers. I would say those are the really easy and popular ones to grow.
1141 It's really a nice product with a lot of potential and, guess what, it actually tastes good.
1142 There is strong evidence that starting high school later is beneficial,
1143 We need economic indicators that can tell us what's happening across the whole economy, day by day,
1144 a devoted philanthropist focused on,
1145 I believe in the mission of the organization,
1146 As our rep, that was my job first and foremost, to be the spokesperson for the guys here in Flowery Branch and to be able to relate any information back to them.
1147 Rules for the PEPP will be set in future.
1148 These are what might be called `Aha!' statistics. Other statistics which suggest opposite conclusions bring no Aha! but are more likely to be glided over and forgotten.
1149 Today we allowed the rate at the importer and exporters (I&E) window to adjust in response to market developments,
1150 We will meet with domestic lenders to discuss lending details,
1151 We'll be well into May.
1152 Direct cash aid is denigrated by both the left and the right as a waste and inducement to laziness and abuse.
1153 I don't think answer is to stop making the tidyverse better.
1154 I said, `You know what, our team flies around on a 767... and we have a huge cargo hold on that,
1155 I understand the fear and uncertainty in many Tasmanian communities at the moment, it's important that we stay together as communities, communicate and support each other, follow the guidelines on staying home and staying safe during this time,
1156 If minorities are tortured there and police failed or can't discharge their duties, it is a matter of serious concern. It is reported that those who died or were tortured are mostly Muslims. India is a secular country we can't divide Hindus and Muslims. As an Indian citizen, I can't help but worry.
1157 But Aryabhatian mathematics, in turn, took gigantic leaps in India and then spread abroad with transformational impact on China, on the Arab world and eventually on Europe,
1158 We need to do what it takes to reassure people that society does care and that their minimum well-being should be secure,
1159 the musical is charming and witty.
1160 got it all started for Jullien's goal with some quick thinking
1161 up to Congress to fire the fiscal bazooka, the bigger and quicker the better.
1162 wage gains are still too low to prompt meaningful inflation risk, but the Dec number is an outlier [... ] we can't see why the Fed would ease if the recent payroll gains are sustained.
1163 In any event, total layoffs between the March and April payroll surveys look destined to reach perhaps 16 to 20 million, consistent with the unemployment rate leaping to 13 to 16 percent. In one month.
1164 We have ample room to cut the benchmark rate due to the low inflation rate in the country,
1165 Globally as the Covid-19 [ outbreak ] is still evolving, travel restrictions will well continue in several countries, including advanced economies. Production shutdown will also result in prolonged disruption to global supply chains. This will continue to dampen external demand for Malaysia's exports,
1166 We want to fight this virus for all Americans and this means soldiers on the front lines, health care workers, police, firefighters -- but delivering food to people is an essential activity,
1167 alarming figures of rape, sexual slavery, forced prostitution, forced pregnancy, forced abortion, enforced sterilization, forced marriages and other forms of sexual violence.
1168 A key goal of the fund is to empower women financial leaders who will drive economic growth, job creation, and create prosperity.
1169 In addition, a decline in commodity prices could lead to fiscal pressures for Africa's economic power houses such as Nigeria, South Africa, Algeria, Egypt and Angola,
1170 DoorDash -- I never loved the interface, never loved the app, and now I feel like I need to, like, use this credit. Otherwise, I'm not getting the benefit off the card, and I don't like feeling that way,
1171 Not only is this pandemic costing lives, but its impact on economies and living standards will likely outlive the health emergency phase. By ensuring our clients sustain their operations during this time, we hope the private sector in the developing world will be better equipped to help economies recover more quickly,
1172 on reaching her contractual retirement age of 60 years
1173 It's not to punish anybody. It's for the safety of the dog, of (the owner) and the public.
1174 This [ outbreak ] should be worse as travel bans have started early and it seems they will remain in force for a long period of time,
1175 Together with the policy support that is being provided, the widespread reopening of firms and the fact that employees are returning to work makes us hopeful that we will see a strong recovery starting in the second quarter of 2020,
1176 Education is not an issue on which they're going to shut down the government,
1177 I have, however, been saying that it should have a certain limit,
1178 Making data available with regulators, as well as making it transparent to the public, can lead to improved environmental performance of industrial units concerned. Transparency and disclosure initiatives have been common in the United States, with the Toxic Release Inventory being the most prominent.
1179 the move is not without risk.
1180 They raised important issues, and we remain in their debt.
1181 We fought over every word,
1182 Destroy work and, in the end, working-class life cannot survive. It is the loss of meaning, of dignity, of pride, and of self-respect that comes with the loss of marriage and of community that brings on despair, not just or even primarily the loss of money.
1183 as are wages themselves, so the rising cost of insurance premiums -- for example, from $2,000 in 1999 to $6,896 in 2017 for the average single-person plan -- have played a large part in holding down wages.
1184 We have to put down the deposit, but we don't know what to do,
1185 All affluent societies are service economies -- there are no exceptions,
1186 apt to return to a period of relative abundance and low prices, anytime soon,
1187 shutting down markets during a crash never helps -- rather it only compounds investors' pains. As scary as the losses may seem on paper, as long as the markets stay open, investors always know they can get out. Take away their exit and you exacerbate their fears.
1188 constructive approach to a sometimes difficult set of discussions
1189 currently in the midst of a crisis and one potential reason why its struggling to recruit and retain enough teachers is due to the pressures of the job
1190 Although three months' worth of progress may sound comparatively small to some people, it equates to more than 10 percent of the three academic secondary school years measured -- from when these young people are aged 11 years old to 14, which we know is a hugely developmental period,
1191 hire accountants, lawyers, and other people engaged in the tax avoidance/evasion industry.
1192 If I want to save money for my retirement or start a business or buy a house or whatever, it's about connecting people from A to B. From that vantage point, what we really want is a small financial sector.
1193 I am sure his tenure will be the most harmonious given his nature. With just a single nomination for BJP President post, J.P. Nadda is now certain to be the President,
1194 India needs a new CAA,
1195 Recently, the abrogation of Article 370, the Special Protection Group for Sonia Gandhi and the CAA were three issues on which I was asked to speak at the Parliament. Do you know that the first resolution of the Congress party was to provide citizenship to those Hindus and Sikhs facing religious persecution? Gandhi and Manmohan Singh endorsed this. This Bill has nothing to do with the Muslims of India. Pakistani Muslims aren't coming to India saying that they're persecuted,
1196 What injustice was done? Pakistan's Muslims don't want to come, we can't force them,
1197 At 9:00 a.m. (0700 GMT) on Monday, the motorcade of the prime minister came under a terrorist act under the army bridge while en route to his work,
1198 I (can) assure that (the) Sudanese armed forces and other regular forces have the capacity to handle the situation,
1199 We assure our citizens that events are under control. We will not stop our march and they will not cause a retreat from the goals of the revolution,
1200 I have been clear that our farmers, crofters and land managers are part of the climate solution. But equally, I am clear that achieving our legally binding commitments will require everyone to consider what they can do to ensure they play their part in driving the sector towards a low carbon, sustainable future.
1201 That ship sailed into a well forecasted storm and had a very predictable and what could've been entirely avoidable,
1202 If the labor market is too loose, this is going to generate deflation. Depending on how you weigh what's going on in the labor market versus what's happening to inflation, that sort of informs your opinions on how you want to adjust interest rates and what the potential consequences are.
1203 right wing propaganda feedback loop.
1204 So the strategy I take now for flying is, I take a window seat, and I don't get up,
1205 use this crisis as a way to understand how to do capitalism differently.
1206 We're trying to systematize this knowledge so that other people can teach courses in it,
1207 actually just need a more human approach.
1208 can throw a hissy fit and throw themselves onto the ground and cry and scream
1209 Eight centuries of global real rates, R-G, and the `suprasecular' decline, 1311-2018.
1210 As I look back, there's no doubt that my father's prominent position in local government had a huge impact on the way I view life and the world,
1211 I do not have any other job apart from football. It is not easy in Africa to develop as a footballer but if you chose to play it becomes easy. One has to work hard, respect teammates and take advice from the right people,
1212 Indeed, from day one, the government has not stopped spending in the fight against COVID-19,
1213 It's important to note that while the US is pressing India to protect the interests of its companies, India's first priority is to protect its public health, employment in small businesses and industries
1214 maintaining the supply of liquidity is the most important thing
1215 monetary policy has a meaningful role play, it's unlikely to be sufficient in the years ahead,
1216 Typically, what's happened in the past, there may be a short-term impact of an epidemic or a pandemic, but longer term it seems to have relatively little influence, and I think many observers are hoping that will be true this time,
1217 Longer-term, it seems to have relatively little influence, and I think many observers are hoping that will be true this time,
1218 primarily affects the most vulnerable,
1219 Similarly, the Chemical Safety Board is set to soon finalize a rule that will require immediate public reporting of chemical releases,
1220 The potential absence of a quorum at the Chemical Safety Board is no one's fault except President Trump's, who has tried again and again to eliminate the agency entirely and failed for three years now to nominate more than a single board member to serve.
1221 I was struck today by the... sense of gravity, solemnity, in the chamber,
1222 The review is going to be very broad, and it could include the tools and communications.
1223 The coronavirus is an economic and financial shock. The extent of that shock still needs to be assessed, but it could provide the spark for an arguably long-overdue adjustment in the capital markets,
1224 They were coming all the time. I guess they saw within it the possibility of theatre. They wanted to make work to tell their own stories.
1225 We appreciate that regulators and agencies have an obligation to investigate; if any information is sought from us, as a responsible corporate citizen, we will of course provide the same,
1226 In this quarter, we strengthened the balance sheet with the equity raised in our advisory businesses. This is the second equity raise after the first round of equity we raised in our credit business in 2019,
1227 We are adjusting our flight schedules on a daily basis,
1228 very keen (to pick up stake) in the future (once the promoter-founder issues are resolved).
1229 What would be most visible is the effect on cellphones and other wireless devices, as well as TVs, computers, those sorts of things are almost certainly going to be affected,
1230 Certainly, if it turns out to be a containable epidemic, if it turns out that the effects can be contained within the first quarter in terms of economic activity, then maybe financial markets will be proven right,
1231 Epidemic would not sow panic in a robust economy
1232 He had said something (about taking to the streets on non-fulfillment of Congress' promises) and I said what I had to say. It's not a big deal,
1233 I had a six-month-old baby at home,
1234 Monetary policy will remain accommodative and consistent this year in line with inflation and external stability that remain in check as well as measures taken to maintain the domestic economic growth momentum,
1235 must continue to throw the kitchen sink of unconventional measures at the crisis,
1236 They cannot go without a paycheck. They do not have money in a savings account that will let them pay their rent if they don't work for a couple of weeks. They have no way to cope with this,
1237 We had games where they had the opportunity to be nasty to each other, but I think people respond really well to warmth and friendliness. Where the grit from our format is that although people can be really nice to each other, in the room we can get inside their thought process and we can hear perhaps their thoughts are slightly more nuanced towards a person than they are promoting,
1238 When you kill someone who reincarnates CUT OFF THE HEAD,
1239 Amazon wants to have the entire environment, essentially miked... All these intimacies, all this insight is being integrated, analyzed and integrated. That is an extraordinary kind of power that has never before existed.
1240 behavioural data in excess for what was needed for effective game operations.
1241 the unilateral claiming of private human experience as free raw material for translation into behavioral data.
1242 I guess that [ Tom Steyer's ] tariff decision on lifting all U.S. duties on Chinese products made with the most filthy manufacturing processes imaginable [ is ] going to help global warming,
1243 A huge question surrounding the 2020 presidential campaign is whether Democratic blue-collar voters are going to buy [ the Democrats' ] policy mix any more than they did in 2016, and, of course, Trump won a lot of those voters [ in 2016 ], and that's largely why he's in office.
1244 I left home in my early 20's because I wanted to do it on my own. I have been divorced a couple of times and I recognised what I was doing wrong. I have switched my career paths many times because I was simply lost and confused. I have been financially broke many times... and the list goes on.
1245 Share markets have moved up very strongly,
1246 Technologies in today's world are the dominating factor determining all the other things -- politics, the economy, social life, society, and the daily life of each citizen. Artificial intelligence, from our point of view, is a key long-term technology that will drive all other technologies, without exception. Any individual, whatever he is dealing with, shall master artificial intelligence technology. Simple majors will soon be excluded from the list of professions with the aid of the artificial intelligence,
1247 The role of international election observers need to be redefined or they need to send people who can observe the election. We will not welcome election tourists here,
1248 I cannot speak for DPP. Let them speak for their party,
1249 unions, insurance companies and other organizations play a role in providing social protections. These arrangements already show signs of adapting to the changing world of work in the information era, a positive development that should be encouraged.
1250 will implode and could lead to a crisis bigger than 2009,
1251 A lot of these bonds now are in grave danger. It's like selling insurance to someone who's going to go to the electric chair in a couple of months.
1252 If [ Sanders' plan ] is funded in a very efficient way, it could lead to positive economic growth, despite its price tag.
1253 If the UK economy is to take advantage of the opportunities that are opening up, SMEs will be a central part of the picture,
1254 the global outlook remains sluggish and there are no clear signs of a turning point.
1255 We view our $1 trillion capacity at the IMF as being quite substantial for dealing with this crisis,
1256 They have established good relationships with the Chinese [ Center for Disease Control and Prevention ], regulatory authorities and investors,
1257 This young man has since become a role model of hope and courage,
1258 development, environment and security,
1259 If we were to see a recession at some point in the next few years, with interest rates close to where they are now, then you would only have 150 basis points or so for conventional interest rate cuts -- that's only about a third of the typical reduction in short-term rates,
1260 In light of the continued growth in coronavirus cases in the U.S. and globally, the sharp further tightening in financial conditions, and rising risks to the economic outlook, we now expect the [ Federal Open Market Committee ] to cut the funds rate 100 basis points on March 18,
1261 The decision to move to virtual instruction was not made lightly,
1262 To the extent that the area is getting more expensive, it's actually getting worse for these people,
1263 We are actually creating a brand new initiative in this country, and the fact will be that every local government across the 774 local governments of the country will have a cluster of advantageous produce in those states,
1264 We saw a video where a BSF personnel was washing his hand while operating the water flow with his feet and tried to copy the device,
1265 A report from a unit of the presidency says, `FET is infiltrating all capillaries of the state.' Who placed the members of the FET terrorist organization to the capillaries of the state? How were these people placed within the police, the Interior Ministry and [ the army ]?
1266 But it was far from optimal then and would be even further from optimal now.
1267 didn't expect candidates to emerge and run nationwide.
1268 During the 2008 global financial crisis, the government took several economic decisions. This time, economic policy is blunt to address the virus crisis,
1269 The desynchronization of the Baltic states from Russia's energy grid by 2025, which also means discontinuing the import of electricity there, is fast approaching. Small modular reactors are a way to ensure security of supply of carbon emission free energy in Estonia and the Baltic states in all weather,
1270 We have over 6,000 workers that have been working consistently over the last few weeks.
1271 Many Chinese chess players are participating in our tournaments and we have [ Chinese ] colleagues in the federation.
1272 Much deeper, even radical, action is expected from the EU,
1273 So much of economic destiny depends on where you were born
1274 The world needs to engage and help solve Africa's problems, which, sooner rather than later, will become global problems,
1275 This is the whole strategy used by the Prime Minister, that you appropriate an individual, forget about his views and ideology, and in the process kill that ideology.
1276 Igor Dodon, who is trying to take over Plahotniuc's corrupt system, must remember -- sooner or later, those who commit crimes against their own people will be punished,
1277 I'm saying right now that this is something I know is right and, you guys, I need to be on the right side of history.
1278 Even if this doesn't work, at least I tried.
1279 Oh, that's fine. That's honestly just what I wanted,
1280 immediately institute a statewide rent freeze through the end of year
1281 In this scenario, we estimate a decrease of  346 million per year - a reduction of over ten per cent in the net value of British farming.
1282 Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project -- nor, in the past century, has it experienced large deficits for as long as we project,
1283 We are putting more effort than we have in all the years I've been president of the ZOA,
1284 When the CAPE has been at such a level, it tends to show moderate positive, not disastrous, returns over the next 10 years.
1285 A smoking gun of sorts: an actual example of literal hard-ass words... this document seemed to contain verbatim boss-words -- the actual substance of the theoretical charisma.
1286 Better late than never. After missing expectations last week, the ECB now showed it is aware of the deteriorating market conditions. By now, sentiment has already turned really sour. Inflation expectations are in free fall. Italian government bonds as well as European high-yield spreads blew out. Reassuring markets in panic mode is tough these days.
1287 I am delighted to be joining Aquis Exchange at this juncture. Anyone who knows me will know of my adoration for the City of London, and I truly believe that Aquis has created an exciting, disruptive new way of trading that will change the way we deal in equities to the benefit of the shareholders.
1288 RNA interference is like a vaccination -- it triggers a natural and highly specific mechanism whereby specific targets are suppressed, be they the RNA of viruses or endogenous genes,
1289 Thank goodness it was well before social media as well or that would have been out forever.
1290 What could be one of the biggest divorce settlements in British history.
1291 That is why we continue to believe that your offer of private briefings as an alternative to a public evidence session was not sufficient.
1292 A Tuskegee Airman memorial in Winter Park was damaged last year and a Sarasota statue depicting a soldier kissing a woman in Times Square was vandalized with #MeToo spray painted on it,
1293 I feel sorry for those whose goods were destroyed in the incident and pray for a better future for them,
1294 It's a good idea to set aside some money and gradually buy in. Don't put everything in at the same time but gradually put in 10 percent of your cash to be buying. It all depends upon valuations. The valuations are extremely good then there's no reason why you shouldn't be buying. In situations like this, usually you see the recovery will be very fast. So, I don't think you're going to see a very big situation over here of long, long low market prices,
1295 I don't think the RBI had much choice but to act the way it did
1296 not just because they need it but because they are the backbone of the economy, the group that keeps demand strong, without whom businesses will not survive.
1297 Their knee-jerk response is that they hate the shift so much they think we should just get rid of it,
1298 Unfortunately, these kinds of growth constraints are beyond the reach of monetary policy.
1299 We are bringing all of the right people together for this one,
1300 The UK has a particularly extreme form of capitalism and ownership... Most ownership in the UK is in the hands of a large number of institutional investors, none of which have a significant controlling shareholding in our largest companies. That is quite unlike virtually any other country in the world, including the United States.
1301 This crisis presents an opportunity to take bold actions and show leadership and solidarity,
1302 What both of these scenarios have in common is bringing the unemployment rate down further, faster,
1303 But the crisis was still raging,
1304 forecasts about how deep the recession will be are currently subject to extremely high uncertainty
1305 I think it is critical that we act that way.
1306 It's absolutely unprecedented and we haven't seen anything like this in our lifetime.
1307 Randomized clinical trials are essential tools for helping us learn, adapt, and move forward on innovative solutions that make peoples' lives better,
1308 The real message is the importance of rapid (self) detection,
1309 Though the economy will bounce back when the virus fades,
1310 Given the many and complex decisions one has to make in old age - including making wealth lasts a lifetime - and less margin for error, being money savvy is not only useful but advantageous, the cost of mistakes is high. It is never too late to learn about money.
1311 some things that are only made in China these days
1312 We want to make a big difference in our community and that's why we increased our charitable fund and created the multi-year awards, so we can have a longer lasting impact.
1313 IT sector of Punjab depends upon knowledge economy and a proper ecosystem should be there to cater a huger talent in this sector
1314 Open Innovation Results: Going Beyond the Hype and Getting Down to Business.
1315 Saudi Arabia has its hands tied.
1316 There is no one-country-fits-all policy,
1317 We also want to give a relief package to the masses having a less impact on the economy, mainly comprising of tax exemptions and subsidies,
1318 We will have dedicated research stations for kava in each district,
1319 Banks need to be in a position to continue financing households and corporates experiencing temporary difficulties.
1320 Just how widespread this problem is, on both sides of the parliament, this absolutely needs an independent look,
1321 We're eating less (pork), but we're eating less at very high prices,
1322 When those brownies came, I was the most popular guy in class,
1323 And the supermarket's plan is not the same as yours. And the supermarket controls the environment, so who do you think wins?
1324 If we're spending trillions, I don't understand why we're not throwing hundreds of billions at the things we need to stop the spread.
1325 The plan that's called Medicare for All is really not Medicare,
1326 The Bill is about new threats to our national security,
1327 There's a prevailing notion that carbon pricing may affect the competitiveness of facilities within a state, but the question is just how much?
1328 Holly and Robin are both respected professionals in their field and will be a dynamic addition to our already distinguished Board of Trustee members.
1329 My wife is not here, so I can say it. That's the way it is for most of the participants.
1330 so, so disruptive that anything that you can do to mitigate that destructive impact of the pandemic itself is going to be useful.
1331 We are such an anomaly among the other high income countries in terms of our police that they are at incredibly high risk of being shot and killed. And... they are at an incredibly high risk of shooting civilians,
1332 who is in our society on this day and in this year at a really local level
1333 Every senior staff member volunteered to put their personal budgeted future at risk, to save jobs and ensure stable salaries for those making less,
1334 I think bondholders today, if you give them a way out, they will be happy,
1335 negatively impact second quarter and full-year results,
1336 No question that officials and politicians, even Republicans in the Senate, are prepared to abandon old shibboleths like `government should keep its hands off the private sector,
1337 That may reflect that the nature of the relationship of financial markets and the economy changes over time, possibly from the effect of monetary policy or financial innovations, and you cannot rely on it for forecasts.
1338 The long-term rate in Australia has little impact on private sector activity as just about all the funding of the Australian economy occurs at floating [ short ] rates or on very short-term fixed rates,
1339 There was a time when Dr. Doom Fauci's prediction of mass death would have opened the markets down 1000. Has Chicken Little lost his mojo?
1340 It read `I'm Deaf' on the front and `tap on the shoulder' on the back which is exactly what I needed people to know from a distance so I can do my job,
1341 Maybe in five years we'll not be talking about the sub-prime bubble, but the equity bubble.
1342 This is the first digital camera trapping platform built using cloud technology and AI,
1343 We are in total isolation to keep us both safe as possible, so my husband must report to work and make necessary runs for provisions,
1344 With rates at the zero bound, and the Fed adamant that it does not want negative rates, what's left is more QE, or an explicit policy of yield caps.
1345 spectacular but clearly unsustainable.
1346 The 13.4% increase in confirmed US cases yesterday was the smallest yet, though increases at this pace would still generate 1mln cases by April 12. Daily case growth needs to slow much further before any sort of control in the absolute numbers can be achieved,
1347 If so, we doubt it can last as labor shortages become more acute.
1348 a new aggressive authoritarian regime capable of undermining the existing world order with hybrid wars, violations of sovereignty and other misdeeds,
1349 But MBS has a big advantage: He can treat his country as his personal property. This might be the point where Putin's calculations went wrong.
1350 become the epicenter of contracting and spreading the disease.
1351 bold and large-scale fiscal support,
1352 I count on the G20 to help build consensus on a way forward for our poorest members,
1353 is no longer a regional issue -- it is a global problem calling for global response,
1354 Our technical note is designed to provide guidance to stakeholders on Argentina's complex debt situation
1355 So let's say for this quarter, very likely there would be some negative impact. What would happen beyond this quarter, we have to just observe and assess,
1356 $90 billion have flown out
1357 it seems Bulgarian would soon be spoken in my hall where eurozone meetings take place
1358 Think of how stranded assets [ such as now-unviable coal-fired power stations or coal mines ] can trigger unexpected loss,
1359 Nigeria's economy is being threatened by the twin shocks of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated sharp fall in international oil prices,
1360 The Indian economy indeed has experienced an abrupt slowdown in 2019. We had to revise our growth projections, downwards to four percent for last year. We are expecting 5.8 per cent (growth rate) in 2020 and then an upward trajectory to 6.5 percent in 2021,
1361 Even as we move through this containment phase, we must plan for recovery,
1362 While many countries recognize the need for gender equality and women's empowerment, governments can use gender budgeting to structure spending and taxation in ways to advance gender equality even further -- increasing women's participation in the workforce and, in turn, boosting growth and stability,
1363 more than 85 percent of households in the three project areas are already passed by existing cable broadband, DSL, and/or fixed wireless broadband providers. In one of the project areas, more than 98 percent of households are already passed by at least one of these modalities.
1364 music education opens up their world and they discover new pathways of possibilities.
1365 Jazz is unique in the history of the United States. And through the lens of jazz, students connect to that rich cultural heritage while learning about its relation to significant social movements,
1366 The CAD1.3400-CAD1.3450 area has blocked stronger US dollar gains over the past six months. The Canadian dollar may be quick to recover when the fear and anxiety breaks.
1367 An economic tsunami has been unleashed. A consensus appears to be emerging among economists of the largest contraction in global GDP in a generation,
1368 We definitely need to have a winner,
1369 We expect to see this wave of take private activity continue into 2020. A new government with a strong majority has further added to the attractiveness of UK companies.
1370 how our companies are performing, how many jobs we're creating and what we are doing to improve the environment, reduce social injustice and fight corruption
1371 AI technology allows companies to monitor and control workers, while still maintaining a formal arms-length relationship that skirts federal employment status guidelines. The result is a legal gray area.
1372 By focussing purely on his white-ball game, we believe Alex can become a really consistent match-winner for Kent.
1373 Demand remains strong and supply is lacking,
1374 Sales prices continue to rise, but I am hopeful that we will see price appreciation slow in 2020,
1375 Areas that are relatively unaffordable or declining in affordability are starting to experience slower job growth,
1376 It is challenging -- especially for those potential buyers -- where we have a good economy, low interest rates, and a soaring stock market, yet are finding very few homes available for sale,
1377 The coronavirus has quickly upended global economic expansion and introduced the significant uncertainty of a possible recession. Today's interest rate cut is therefore an appropriate response to changing events,
1378 If there's insufficient supply, that means prices will continue to rise strongly, and at some point it's going to choke off potential buyers as it makes it a less attractive place to live.
1379 exceeded an annual pace of one million units for the second month in a row, and the first time since 2007. Multifamily starts also continue to be robust, rising for the second straight month and seeing the strongest month of production since 1986. In a promising development for new housing supply levels, single-family permits increased for the third month and to the highest level since 2007.
1380 And of course, mortgage rates are exceptionally low.
1381 due for a recession.
1382 It is the only technology which can marry the fossil fuels we have -- oil, gas, others -- and our climate goals.
1383 every part of the industry needs to consider how to respond
1384 poorly positioned to adapt to changing global energy dynamics.
1385 We are following the situation extremely closely and will provide regular updates to our forecasts as the picture becomes clearer,
1386 This partnership marks a step change -- a new middle ground for enhanced responsibilities and benefits, and a testing ground towards eventual membership status.
1387 We are arguing on behalf of our client that NOPSEMA made a legal error by approving the exploration, in circumstances where consultation from Equinor did not meet the basic regulatory requirements,
1388 Even with output cuts equivalent of 10% of global supply, oil inventories would still rise by 15 million bpd in the second quarter
1389 A key lesson of the current crisis is to make sure that electricity systems have sufficient resources not just of physical assets but also human capital,
1390 managed to completely drop the ball on this issue.
1391 New normals are being established.
1392 No other ally has suffered more terror attacks than Turkey. No other ally hosts more refugees than Turkey,
1393 The U.S. provided the rationale behind the action against General Soleimani and we had several briefers from the United States from State and from Pentagon and they briefed and explained to other allies why they took this action,
1394 There's a Patriot missile battery in southern Turkey and AWACS flights keeping an eye from above,
1395 This defensive exercise demonstrates the ability to rapidly move a large force from the United States to Europe to help protect its NATO Allies if needed.
1396 It is important that we establish all the facts there... I call on Iran to fully participate and contribute to a transparent and thorough investigation,
1397 I will not go into details about our intelligence but what I can say is we have no reason to not believe the reports we have seen from different NATO allied capitals,
1398 supported the decision to do more and also to take over some of the activities... conducted by the US-led Global Coalition to Defeat ISIS,
1399 continues to provide Georgia with strong political and practical support, including on cyber-defence.
1400 Allied Defence Ministers have agreed in principle to enhance NATO  s training mission in Iraq in close cooperation & coordination with the Iraqi government,
1401 soon holding a meeting at the highest level,
1402 Now yes, some industries may be able to find some sort of alternative supplier like in Mexico or East Europe, but that will require even more time, because not only production needs to be moved, but also the infrastructure related to logistics would need to be built.
1403 The impact on the automotive industry in the European Union is about US$ 2.5 billion,
1404 Racing is being exceptionally careful and responsible,
1405 We host major events of all shapes and colours in Victoria and it's fantastic that we can be a leader in esports,
1406 I don't want to be part of the last generation of racing tragics,
1407 This summit will bring together inspirational business leaders from around the world and it will have tremendous benefits for participants and their organisations.
1408 risk of a global recession is rising quickly.
1409 [ I ] f this were going to last just that long, $1 trillion might be enough. But really it's only a down payment.
1410 Some of the things we got wrong and some of the mistakes we made are really part of what's helping us be set up and able to respond now,
1411 removed from control of Facebook.
1412 Tom Bernthal, you are my everything. I could not love you more.
1413 my family and close friends.
1414 We also have the responsibility to do that -- to keep our own employees, but hopefully hire more because we need them,
1415 We're democratizing access for small businesses,
1416 is not the biggest obstacle to women's progression.
1417 We've heard loud and clear that financial support could enable them to keep the lights on and pay people who can't come to work.
1418 very slowly and very, very carefully
1419 Great Teen Vogue piece about five incredible women protecting elections on Facebook,
1420 The coronavirus risk is hard to give a magnitude to.
1421 has made some of the biggest strides in diversity in the past five years.
1422 The risks around that outlook had gone up significantly. There's still a lot of uncertainty about the course of the virus and what impact it'll have,
1423 There are places na mas natatamaan sa Cavite [ areas in Cavite are more affected ]. There are places na mas natatamaan sa Laguna. [ Some places in Laguna are more affected ],
1424 outlines the overall strategy for ensuring the safety and security of learners, personnel and schools; the continuity of education in situations of armed conflict; and the contributions of education and schools to peace building.
1425 If they pass, then they will graduate. If not, then we will provide them the needed intervention,
1426 This is the first program he gave full support to when he assumed office. We have ALS programs in prisons, rehabilitation centers, in farms, in centers, and local government barangay halls, and a yearly average of 130,019 learners whose lives are improved by obtaining elementary and secondary diplomas through ALS,
1427 We are going to do the people's business. But we're going to take social distancing steps.
1428 The Maryland General Assembly needs to do as much as we can to stop making incarceration a scarlet letter that prevents people from getting a job, from going to work, from taking care of their kids,
1429 Had I known this information, I think there would have been much more targeted and purposeful questions about the necessity of projects that appear to have a financial benefit to the governor.
1430 We know the situation is not ideal for any of us, but we are doing our best to ensure open government in this time of a public health crisis.
1431 There's no question no one feels comfortable with where things are when it comes to the status of violence across the state. The only solutions will be when we come to the table together and solve it. It's not about pointing fingers. It's not about blaming. It's about solving problems.
1432 It's a really incredible, incredible, moment,
1433 We need intelligence to move around and for there to be an exchange,
1434 even though the numbers of cases on the continent are quite small. If you look at that Africa does not seem to be affected. But then when you look at the economics, I think that is where the big story is for Africa. We are being severely affected.
1435 Today our task is to raise a clarion call for the voiceless. For those maimed by the tools of war. Those scared by the violence it envelops humankind in. The cruelty it engenders in otherwise peaceful nations.
1436 But there is actually no evidence for this.
1437 By selecting these as our 2020 compliance and enforcement priorities we aim to improve our understanding of markets and develop solutions that will deliver benefits for all consumers,
1438 We'll definitely have a look at this,
1439 Mobile telecommunication services are integral to Australia's social and economic future and Telstra, Optus and Vodafone already control almost 90 per cent of the market. There is clear evidence that consumers pay more when markets are concentrated.
1440 We don't want to lose investment that we should otherwise get because of hurdle rates that are too high,
1441 Unfortunately, the concerning trend of companies closing regional manufacturing plants that are now unprofitable due to high gas prices has continued,
1442 The dramatic and sudden escalation of the summer bushfires led us into investigating, and seeking to stop, some of the appalling scams taking advantage of people's generous charity donations,
1443 They will be pleased. Whatever they say, they will be pleased,
1444 We are acutely aware of the dramatic decline in magazine revenue, both in terms of lost advertising and reduced sales,
1445 These approvals are also short term and can be revoked when the crisis is over,
1446 which has closed the door on what we consider was a once in a generation chance for increased competition in the highly concentrated mobile telecommunications market
1447 driven by a fundamental belief in markets. Under most circumstances, free and open markets work in favour of consumers and businesses of Australia.
1448 The rise in bandwidth per user is also positive, as it should be resulting in a better experience for broadband consumers.
1449 clearly, the mother of all sudden stops
1450 contractual notice period payment and related expenses
1451 diversity of our student body
1452 If you look at the stronger economy -- and there (are) some pretty strong growth assumptions in the budget, maybe higher than I would want to go now -- but with those strong growth assumptions, you get lots of people off of food stamps, people out of welfare.
1453 While we will very likely have a global recession, it won't be an enduring one.
1454 we don't know we can contain [ coronavirus ] in that manner
1455 You're looking at one of the biggest negative job numbers we've ever seen,
1456 Let's just say it: The longest economic expansion in U.S. history may already be over, killed by Covid-19.
1457 will be too slow, and its effects too small,
1458 Everything is going to be worse for workers who went into the recession in the most fragile position and there are a lot of them.
1459 Our goal with this paper was to quantify the costs of air pollution on mortality in a particularly vulnerable population: the elderly,
1460 relevant policy and statutory criteria for rescission of Sudan's State Sponsor of Terrorism designation,
1461 The road to meaningful change in Sudan is riddled with challenges and obstacles,
1462 There is a proliferation of armed groups but I think our peace architecture will respond to that in a very positive way,
1463 I am grateful to be part of this important moment in history. A moment where we all acknowledge our collective responsibility in peace and stability for Sudan,
1464 The lockdown has dramatically improved the air quality in the city. We can see that restricted traffic, as well as restricted activity in the industries emitting pollutants into the air, can work wonders for the environment. Normally, the movement of traffic, dust levels and the generation of industrial emissions are so high that it takes a toll on the air quality. Amidst the COVID lockdown, this has been made possible providing a much-needed break for the environment. The lessons we can take away from this is that if industrial and traffic activity is regulated -- the environment begins to breathe.
1465 Since our offices and machinery are shut these days and staff is not coming to work, we cannot share any AQI values. Several people have been sharing pictures of the view from their places with me since morning and it surely is a rare view because of cleaner air.
1466 The PM and the home minister are only indulging in statements and counter-statements, claims and counter-claims. Congress wants that meaningful political activities should be initiated in J&K at the earliest. This political tourism of taking the ambassadors on guided tour of J&K should be stopped. This is our demand in the context of J&K,
1467 And the Congress became that common platform.
1468 Nitin Gadkari ji, the critical MSME Sector employs more than 11 crore persons. MSMEs are facing an unprecedented crisis due to COVID19 Pandemic. Attached is a proposed relief package with concrete measures. I hope you will take these suggestions seriously and implement soon,
1469 It is clear that the situation will not become normal in JNU until Vice-Chancellor will remain in his post. It is important that the government ask Vice-Chancellor to resign,
1470 The substance and style of our leadership has to change,
1471 Somehow we got converted to vegetarianism maybe because of the influence of Jainism and Buddhism.
1472 I am absolutely shocked and dumbfounded by Arupjyoti's ordeal. He is one of our most outstanding historians and his most recent book on the Brahmaputra is a classic. I wholeheartedly endorse the appeal made by these distinguished scholars,
1473 There will be a lowering of forecasts for at least the first part of 2020, in part due to China, in part due to the supply chains,
1474 working to provide a fast, flexible response based on developing country needs in dealing with the spread of COVID-19.
1475 We live in a more shock-prone world and given interdependencies, it is in everyone's interest to be transparent -- including on debt issues,
1476 Resumption of regular financing to Somalia is an important landmark, and we look forward to further economic and social progress.
1477 We will look at all opportunities
1478 Why are tens and thousands of people eating from dumpsters?
1479 It is the merit that keeps the state alive. If you break the merit in the state, the state begins to rot,
1480 All Latter Day Saints believe that Jesus is going to come back at some point, that there will be a second coming of Christ, but the idea that anyone knows what that date is, or that they have to take specific extreme actions in preparation, that would go way beyond mainstream teaching,
1481 We all should emulate this as we move forward in our careers.
1482 Whenever something like this hits, whenever an epidemic or pandemic hit, a lot of times it's just devastating.
1483 Already the outbreak is affecting the tourism, travel and conferences, foreign direct investment, international trade, food and nutrition and poverty reduction,
1484 We are currently leveraging on strategic partnerships and addressing challenges in the business environment to increase trade and rake-in more private investments to consolidate the gains made so far,
1485 distressing personal stories about being forced into work or lacking protection in their workplace.
1486 We kind of just handed the sandwiches off to them and said please send these to your E.R., bless them with these sandwiches. They were so excited. They said they hadn't gotten anything else from anybody else in the community yet and they were so excited to be appreciated like that,
1487 Hosting the global climate conference COP26 is a huge opportunity for Britain to tackle the climate emergency and play an international leadership role,
1488 It is the best and most effective way to encourage technological innovation and to spur long-term, large-scale investments that over time will significantly lower emissions,
1489 Our reduced profit forecasts reflect the severe decline in Chinese economic activity... lower end-demand for US exporters, disruption to the supply chain for many US firms, a slowdown in US economic activity, and elevated business uncertainty,
1490 In a world of low real rates, there's also a strong case for programs to invest in infrastructure, education, research and development, climate change mitigation -- namely investments that would elevate potential growth.
1491 It is just conceivable that it could throw the United States into a recession,
1492 My hope is that we get back to business as usual as quickly as possible,
1493 Our commitment remains to positively impact the lives of people, businesses and communities through innovation and technology during this pandemic
1494 We're a team that's building. I don't know why he would want to come to the Dolphins. He's the fiercest competitor. He's a winner. We're at a stage with the Dolphins where we're trying to build a team for the future.
1495 Since then we have not had any more fish deaths.
1496 A Related presence in Detroit is the next milestone in realizing our vision for the Detroit Center for Innovation,
1497 Certainly we're going to be drafting a quarterback. Ryan Fitzpatrick is 37 and will be 38. We know he's not the future of the franchise. But he's a great person. He's a great mentor. And he's the kind of guy you want.
1498 I just worry about [ Tua's ] health.
1499 pledged a half-million dollars toward South Florida coronavirus relief for the elderly and youth.
1500 While `Hunters' is a dramatic narrative series, with largely fictional characters, it is inspired by true events,
1501 While Hunters is a dramatic narrative series, with largely fictional characters, it is inspired by true events. But it is not documentary. And it was never purported to be,
1502 At such a young age, they felt like the stuff of comic books and superheroes,
1503 We're facing an epidemic of anti-Semitism, racism, xenophobia -- the likes of which we haven't seen in decades,
1504 why did I feel the need to create a fictional event when there were so many real horrors that existed? After all, it is true that Nazis perpetrated widespread and extreme acts of sadism and torture -- and even incidents of cruel `games' -- against their victims. I simply did not want to depict those specific, real acts of trauma.
1505 begin to understand why did they do these horrible things and in a sense how can we prevent that from happening again?
1506 where the show would go.
1507 sense of wish fulfillment.
1508 As these things fade deeper into history, people who are trying to destroy the truth of the Holocaust may begin to find it easier.
1509 With the global goals, which point out who should do what, we have access to both the private and the public sector, and thus can benefit from the synergies that exist between climate, health and justice. For example, speed connects to clean air, climate and security,
1510 You don't have to be Sherlock Holmes to realize that these actions point to the fact that Hollub and Batchelder are hiding something important, such as the possibility of an acquirer,
1511 It makes a travesty of corporate governance.
1512 A successful, stable economy acquires these interest groups, which essentially block change, which protect their interests, and which make it impossible to do anything new.
1513 The original Medicare design is relatively mild,
1514 one of the few areas in which tech unicorns have appeared that have employed less-skilled Americans. Inevitably, they're not getting them at blue-chip salaries,
1515 Basically we've put the economy into hibernation because we think it's the right thing to do for public health,
1516 Rather, it's an incredibly synchronized event with the government as a conductor.
1517 But in the post-coronavirus world, it should be a thriving business again. What that burrito business needs is what every business needs right now -- a time machine to go from the present pandemic to the future.
1518 When you are worried others are going to stockpile, the rational response is to beat them there,
1519 Not only did we start the last few decades a relatively rich country in the club of the first-world industrialized countries, we're also parked right next to Asia, which is where much of the world's growth has come from over the past few years,
1520 clear, concise, and unequivocal,
1521 Due to good macroeconomic management, we deserve to make use of our quota (in the IMF) for 100% of it,
1522 Globally, the economy is slowing down. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus has affected several sectors and there is not much confidence in the country left,
1523 I'm looking forward to working with my BBC colleagues to strip away the spin and speculation, to explain to our audiences what lies in store -- and exactly what this means for them.
1524 I'm not here to suggest he always behaved well,
1525 There were two reasons -- one is that some, not all, are fabrications, deliberate fabrications for a political purpose. Some are exaggerations taken out of proportion.
1526 There was then a consensual sexual liaison.
1527 conduct over the span of the charges was intimidating, humiliating, degrading and created an offensive environment
1528 it is still too soon to even speculate about either the size or the persistence of these effects, or whether they will lead to a material change in the outlook.
1529 Demand is impacted very adversely. On net it is disinflationary. I don't think it is deflationary. I think we have the tools to keep the economy out of deflation,
1530 They would prefer not to rush to judgment and stay on hold for now,
1531 It is very likely that the global economy will witness its worst recession since the Great Depression this year, exceeding what it witnessed during the global financial crisis a decade ago.
1532 I want you to recognise there is a fair amount to stimulus that has come from monetary policy rate cuts and we expect that to feed into the system over the next 12 months.
1533 preliminary signs that the decline in manufacturing and trade may be bottoming out
1534 Inflation expectations remain aligned with the central bank's target and short-term real rates are above the historical average. This context suggests that the current policy rate is appropriate. The MPC should remain cautious as inflationary pressures could re-emerge and a relatively tight stance may help stabilize the exchange rate and reduce FX interventions,
1535 Now this is a truly global crisis, as no country is spared. Countries reliant on tourism, travel, and entertainment for their growth are experiencing major disruptions.
1536 Governments could offer temporary and targeted credit guarantees for the near-term liquidity needs of these firms. Financial market regulators and supervisors could also encourage, on a temporary and time-bound basis, extensions of loan maturities.
1537 export dependent economies like Germany should benefit from improvements in external demand
1538 Overall, the risks to the global economy remain on the downside, despite positive news on trade and diminishing concerns of a no-deal Brexit,
1539 we project global growth in 2021 to rebound to 5.8 percent
1540 It's premature to be pronouncing my views.
1541 Just trying to get the bills paid and keep afloat basically, for this year,
1542 Absolutely, some of the practices that we've been following the last few decades are just not sustainable but you need to give it time so the economics can follow or else you're just going to disenfranchise a lot of people who just can't afford it.
1543 Our study shows the possible costs that can be avoided through global cooperative investment in public health in all countries,
1544 Right now, it (Air India disinvestment) is before the consultative committee and I am a member of that. I have been asked to give a note which will be discussed in the next meeting. They (the government) can't go ahead without that,
1545 The Indian economy is headed for trouble partly because of a situation not of our making -- the coronavirus pandemic -- and partly because of our last six years of inappropriate economic policies,
1546 The problem we are facing at present is lack of demand, we have good supply. So the government needs to print notes and put it in the hands of people to boost demand. Government needs to build roads, big six-lane, eight-lane roads,
1547 I will file a PIL saying that there is no public interest in this privatisation. My objection is that the nation needs Air India for several purposes and not just for commercial reasons. The whole concept of the public sector is not what government should or should not run. We are a welfare state, not a capitalist state.
1548 ... if they have changed name of accused from Muslim in real life to a Hindu name. That is defamation.
1549 This step will weaken Indian financial system hugely and thus foreign short term funds will be positioned to de-stabilise our economy,
1550 The ECB is prepared to do everything within its mandate to counter the market turmoil.
1551 The claim that central banks have run out of tools simply doesn't match up to the facts.
1552 Unemployment is more than just a period when you have lower earnings,
1553 We had an incredible number of cancellations up until two weeks ago,
1554 What happens if there is a restriction on travel; or, is this going to result in job cuts, job losses, [ or ] reduced hours, and how will that impact the income side of my cash flow, let alone the expenses,
1555 changes all of that.
1556 Nothing happened. There wasn't like some meeting where we left with plans. It was a bunch of people explaining how reputation management worked on Twitter.
1557 I just want them to have fun, have a great time, enjoy themselves here.
1558 As part of an effort to do that we asked salaried employees to take a temporary 20 percent pay cut while preserving everyone's full benefits -- and keeping our 1,500 hourly workers paid throughout the regular season. After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before - and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
1559 We're just not getting it done. We haven't been winning,
1560 One of the benefits of England having a very data driven system is that almost all Year 11 students will have taken either mock exams or standardised tests, and schools could be asked to justify the predicted grades that they assign kids based upon such information, and even try to do some moderation where necessary.
1561 We applaud the Government's decision to get the construction industry moving again,
1562 We learned that there needed to be more work by the University on bins and signage, more awareness from students, staff and faculty about what to put where and more work with our vendors about contamination of nonrecyclables in the recycling bin.
1563 One of the things most people don't realize is that there is not enough life boats,
1564 And so I've said for years since then, you do not drive a car with mud on the windshield, you should not run a company or a country with mud on your windshield.
1565 Because it's so obvious for Bjorn to finally come up and achieve all this greatness and take his brother down and save the day, and it's kind of what everybody secretly wants. And that's kind of what I loved about the choice is that he goes,
1566 I wanted Bjorn to go at the hands of somebody like Ivar,
1567 home isolation of suspect cases, home quarantine of those living in the same household as suspect cases, and social distancing of the elderly and others at most risk of severe disease
1568 On the other side are executives, who are getting that money from the Fed directly into their pocket..,
1569 There's always going to be an incentive problem when you pay someone not to do something as opposed to charging them to do something,
1570 A strong commitment by Fed officials to do whatever is needed to accommodate dollar demand, and thereby prevent any persistent decline in overall spending, will ultimately help allay panic more than any single rate cut can.
1571 For some days, markets have been expecting a deeper cut than that. Consequently, had the Fed not announced a cut the decision would have amounted to disappointing news, which would have fueled further panic.
1572 CGD has played a critically important role... I have it first hand from negotiators in the Paris Club that it was the CGD concept of a buyback that was the tipping point that led creditors to agree debt relief for Nigeria... This is a great achievement for all concerned, and is in no small part due to the work of CGD.
1573 Forward guidance in the next downturn will be more effective-better understood, better anticipated, and more credible-if it is part of a policy framework clearly articulated in advance,
1574 I told them that while my view on securities purchases differed from theirs, I would do my best to accommodate their preferences. `My position as Chairman is untenable if I don't have the support of the Board,' I told them.
1575 isn't all that independent at the moment,
1576 people's belief in the future.
1577 We will do our best to accomplish them.
1578 We make individual decisions to support the most affected sectors of the economy - including catering, domestic services, air and travel companies, sports, culture, cinemas,
1579 Without a doubt, the government should be a digital platform that's created for people. That's what we tried to do with the tax system,
1580 90% likely to be a technical prime minister who will have no political ambitions of his own,
1581 We'll inform everyone today about the border-closure measures in the Far East region and other activities taken by the Russian government [ to limit the spread of the deadly virus ],
1582 The financial rescue bailout doesn't end up costing the U.S. taxpayer any money,
1583 The near certainty that the U.K. will leave the EU's customs union and single market in 2020 offers a sizable export market opportunity for American business.
1584 He sent her gifts,
1585 single most pressing issue facing the UK economy.
1586 could prove large and sharp, but should be temporary
1587 now it can be part of the solution
1588 We have a wide range of tools, we'll deploy them as appropriate, when appropriate and we have exceptionally good line of sight to what our colleagues around the world are doing,
1589 Small UK businesses remain underserved by the banking system.
1590 Mark Carney and Rishi Sunak have produced a forceful and convincing response to the crisis,
1591 There are downside risks from global growth and the possibility that uncertainties over future trading relationships could remain entrenched. With the relatively limited space to cut Bank Rate, if evidence builds that the weakness in activity could persist, risk management considerations would favour a relatively prompt response.
1592 Doing so could turn an existential risk... into the greatest commercial opportunity of our time.
1593 supported by the reduction of Brexit-related uncertainties, an easing of fiscal policy and a modest recovery in global growth.
1594 It's fair game. It's not always pleasant, but it is what it is.
1595 the government is faced with a challenging situation, and in this challenging situation, the prime objective of the government is to do three things. This included containing the spread of virus, provide healthcare facilities, essential food items at affordable rates and help maintain enough cash in hand to the common man and provide help and assistance to the business community to run their businesses during the times of the pandemic without a permanent setback to the economy
1596 thanked the Chinese government for their massive support in the FATF meetings,
1597 First is to contain the virus. Second is to provide health care facilities for those in need as well as essential food items at affordable rates and help to maintain enough cash in hand to the common man. Finally the government aims to provide help and assistance to the business community to run their businesses during the times of the pandemic without a permanent set back to the economy,
1598 Pakistan looks forward to Chinese support to deal with the unprecedented situation arising from this pandemic,
1599 I say Wendy Jones is a truly remarkable woman, mother, wife, grandmother, friend and colleague.
1600 I wouldn't be the only one.
1601 If he wants to do a solo record, I'm not his dad, I'm not his mum, but don't throw me under the bus and then split the band up, you know what I mean? Just turn around and go, `Look I've had enough, I'm out.' Don't try to cause scenes, man, knowing that I'm going to f *** ing fight. If you want to go and do your little s ** t, go and do it, but don't make out that I'm some horrible f *** ing monster to work with, you know what I mean? I'm cool as f ** k.
1602 It's tradition, get bladdered at weekend. Was supposed to be on a stag do to Lisbon. But looks like getting bladdered in town instead,
1603 so a shock to China's growth will have major reverberations across the world.
1604 This outbreak will have a significant effect on worldwide demand for tourism, travel, and other services, while the supply chain disruptions and increased uncertainty will hurt current production as well as investment,
1605 The Reserve Bank stands ready to purchase Australian government bonds in the secondary market to support the smooth functioning of that market, which is a key pricing benchmark for the Australian financial system,
1606 We are in extraordinary times and we're prepared to do whatever is necessary.
1607 Given the rising risk of recession, further policy stimulus is clearly required.
1608 To help us get to the other side we need a bridge,
1609 It's quite likely we're going to be in this world of low interest rates for years, perhaps decades, because it's driven by structural factors in the global economy,
1610 I think we'll see Chinese stimulus. That will be good for us and we'll return to that gradually improving trend we looked like we were on before the virus.
1611 interruption of the Chinese economy in the short-term may be greater,
1612 expecting significant job losses.
1613 The uncertainty that it is creating is also likely to affect domestic spending,
1614 When you have assets on the sideline ready for financial obligations, you'll tend to feel a lot better about going through a tough time,
1615 The economic tsunami that hit China and much of Asia earlier in the year and hit Europe a few weeks ago is now slamming the US economy as more parts of the country require nonessential businesses to shut down. This sudden stop in the economy is unprecedented. The only analogue is the 9/11 terrorist attack. But that lasted for a day or two, and except for airlines, businesses continued to operate,
1616 When winter doesn't strike, the data can become weird.
1617 Fortunately, the banking system did a really good job post-crisis to raise their capital levels,
1618 Big purchases like a home are the first thing for people to be more circumspect about.
1619 It will likely show up in somewhat higher claims for unemployment insurance by late this month.
1620 Across the board, from grocery to banquet hall... there's no one who says, `I haven't suffered.
1621 All firms I have spoken to have cancelled training, new product introductions and R&D projects, while at U.S. universities and laboratories unless you are working on COVID-19 you have stopped work. So innovation -- the main driver of long-run U.S. growth -- has stopped.
1622 international shocks to the Canadian economy.
1623 The interest rate move this week is intended to address exactly that. It should help stabilize housing instead of pour extra fuel on a hot housing market.
1624 We will scale that as needed. Whatever the system needs, this is what we will provide.
1625 That's free money, lying there on the sidewalk and everybody is refusing to pick it up.
1626 It's already clear that the spread of the coronavirus is having serious consequences for Canadianfamilies and Canada's economy,
1627 Some of those downside risks have clearly landed and they've crystallized... now we're assessing how big they actually are and whether they will continue to get bigger, or last longer, than we're supposing. So in that context the sense of whether we need an easing of monetary conditions is obviously present in the analysis, but the trade offs are not as simple as it sounds in a mechanical way.
1628 I'm thinking of it that way because it kind of gives me a clue of the sorts of things we could try to do to at least begin to address the affordability problem. We will not address it by wishing it away, or somehow building more houses.
1629 Now, he continues,
1630 Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA) will host its annual Black History Month celebration of achievements and contributions to American history by African Americans with musical performances for passengers traveling through both airports each Thursday during the month of February.
1631 Companies that historically focused on share buybacks continue to underperform
1632 For the (Monetary Policy Committee) what matters most in this respect will be the potential medium-term impact on inflation,
1633 Monetary policy cannot resolve this.
1634 Our ability to reopen the economy ultimately depends on our ability to better understand the spread and risk of the virus,
1635 If you can, consider buying gift certificates or prepaying for services to the restaurants, bars, and other physical businesses you normally frequent. It's like a no-interest loan to them and can help stem the revenue loss.
1636 These are extraordinary times, and we must take bold and decisive actions to save and protect millions of lives in Africa. We are in a race to save lives. No country will be left behind,
1637 We are here for Africa, and we will provide significant rapid support for countries,
1638 an amazing character and leader. Some of the pioneering initiatives have been led by Charles... Charles has dedicated half of his career to Africa's development,
1639 There are $8 trillion of assets under management in London, but only 1 percent is invested in Africa.
1640 It is an honour to receive the 2019 African Person of the Year award for philanthropy and charitable contributions to society. Yesterday night, DJ CUPPY represented me in accepting this prestigious award from Mr. Akinwumi Adesina, President African Development Bank in Johannesburg, South Africa.
1641 To be very clear, none of us who's been advocating for tiny house villages... think that this is a replacement for permanent housing,
1642 There's a history that shows you how we didn't really they wanted some sort of tax haven in California. But as it turned out, the government said, well, that's against the law because it's native land. And then so they came to Seattle,
1643 Now our Tax Amazon movement has tremendous momentum to tax big business to fund social housing.
1644 It would be criminal to allow landlords to carry out rent increases during this pandemic, leading to further evictions and putting public welfare and health at grave risk.
1645 We know that big business, the wealthy, and the political establishment will staunchly oppose this, and that we will need a powerful movement. If we win, this will not only transform the lives of Seattle's working people, it will set a historical marker for cities around the nation.
1646 While there can be no room for complacency, it is important to stress that NI's health service is well-prepared and used to managing infections. We are working and liaising closely with colleagues in Great Britain and the Republic of Ireland and that co-operation will continue.
1647 has brought us uncomfortably close to animals and plants that harbor diseases that can jump to humans.
1648 Much of that medical waste will happen in countries that may not have had that amount of medical waste before and will not have treatment for incineration.
1649 invested $2.5 billion in equities,
1650 minimal at the time of purchase,
1651 It's largely inconsequential. The bottom line is this is a health issue. People are going to be surprised how little the economic incentives and plans are going to help until we start to see a change in the infection and death rate and I would take a 5% improvement in the war against the coronavirus over a 100% move in terms of economic incentives and initiatives.
1652 Once you isolate patients, you put them in a negative pressure room in a hospital so that nothing can come out. And you keep them there until you're convinced that they have lost an infection,
1653 There are thousands of TEDx events around the world.
1654 They're pushing on a string,
1655 We are discussing the [ coronavirus ] issue, but haven't made any decision,
1656 We have to hope against hope that this Administration takes execution and implementation more seriously and shows dramatically more competence than it did on testing, and ventilators, and masks,
1657 calls for the Fed and other central banks to act quickly are misplaced at best and more likely downright dangerous.
1658 Chris Collins was an ally,
1659 I am not a Trump fan but I still doubt the author's credibility,
1660 But I lost like 30 pounds in a couple weeks and it was really tough... It ended up causing a ton of health problems. It was a whole pain. But when I see the movie, I do look really gaunt and a bit emaciated and white, just super pale. So I feel like it's worth it for that.
1661 Why am I even reading this shit? I can't believe this. I can't believe -- this is how he really lives his life?
1662 We did talk about Alex, who [ was ] a lemon-lime [ soda ] addict, is probably a drug addict,
1663 Never in the history of a reunified Germany has it fallen so far,
1664 The German economy is speeding into recession,
1665 The PBOC, which is not independent, will not, however, `coordinate' with the Fed or other central banks,
1666 things get very ugly for the whole of the eurozone
1667 We do not want the next generations to inherit a world, which becomes ever more hostile and ever less habitable-just think of the wildfires in Australia,
1668 without the equal inclusion of half of the world's talent, we will not be able to grow our economies for greater shared prosperity.
1669 The world is in a state of emergency, and the window to act is closing fast,
1670 requires input across sectors, functions and geographies.
1671 The annual meeting will be a `do show,' not a talk show,
1672 People are revolting against the economic `elites' they believe have betrayed them.
1673 We have many problems in the world, but we need dreams,
1674 almost surely in a deep recession
1675 I hope what we have got is best available (plan), but I don't want to second guess, because I don't know the details,
1676 They show that the spirit of our constitution still burns brightly,
1677 During this accelerated transformation, we must manage our operating budget with care,
1678 I also think that the health sector will see huge growth -- more doctors, more nurses, more pharmaceuticals and more medical research. Nations that gear themselves better for this will do well and by the same argument, others will do worse,
1679 I started out in politics very sensitive to people's views,
1680 Violent threats must have no place in politics for all parties.
1681 But it is a concern to me that there has been, thus far, no similar condemnation or sense of regret expressed by the national party.
1682 I understand they are trying to lift growth, but I think their policies undermine what they are trying to do.
1683 It was published in 1930 and it was a pretty back-breaking task for my 17-year-old self to find that book.
1684 it's a transformation of life.
1685 the big money is still in private equity,
1686 This is a very, very special recognition,
1687 Please ensure -- pardon me, but I have to say this -- that they are free of ornaments and tree stands,
1688 The idea of going back to grid streets and parks, and local services being within walking distance,
1689 I know that positivity was reflected in all of those conversations you had at the doorstep over the past few months,
1690 Mental health is one of the biggest issues affecting our community, and Bell Let's Talk Day gives us an opportunity to bring it into the light. My hope is that we keep the conversations going all year long and continue to break down the stigma that prevents people from seeking treatment, as well as champion new mental health resources for our community,
1691 It's great to know that so many more people who live in Barrie found work.
1692 This will be a new beginning for our efforts to make the Nobel Center a reality.
1693 We project global profits to experience a roughly 70 percent peak-to-trough decline in 2020,
1694 What worries me probably more -- the sort of of perception you know, especially in financial markets, that central banks always have to react,
1695 While it's true the crisis isn't over for China, (there are) lessons that can be learned from China,
1696 For long-term investors in particular these are the types of scenarios you should be running and looking at how it affects markets and businesses,
1697 It's basically a case of getting this tidied up and then out to tender to see who is interested. I'm handing it over to the community to come up with ideas and lease the areas. To go forward it needs ideas from other people,
1698 the impact would not be severe
1699 there is a distinct possibility for BNM to cut rate again, and soon, in the next meeting on March 3
1700 There are so many words in marketing to extract the correct reaction from a buyer so they want your home. If you add too much fluff or use words that are not accurate, the buyer's expectations are not met.
1701 There was little evidence of an approaching downturn as recently as a month or two ago,
1702 Additional resources will constitute some cuts from respective Ministry allocations/budgets and details are being worked out. Treasury has issued a Circular of 20 March 2020 instructing line Ministries to identify areas for cuts and areas for redirecting expenditures.
1703 This platform will allow foreign exchange to be traded freely amongst banks and permit a true market exchange rate to be determined,
1704 It will also enable doctors to work in a refreshed environment where they will feel proud to serve,
1705 Government will provide a lump sum injection of ZW$ 100 million for the fund. Two and half percent of the total remuneration will be deducted from every government employee in consultation with the Public Service Commission,
1706 The budget incurred a surplus of $984.2 million against a targeted surplus of $540.9 million,
1707 Alpha Conde's speech is more like a declaration of war against the opposition and the FNDC than an offer of peace and dialogue
1708 Many of our people have been killed protesting this decision. It is their constitutional right to protest against his decision,
1709 It looks like almost every criminal sketch of any garden-variety black suspect.
1710 It's a situation that these programs never expected that they would find themselves in. But here we are.
1711 Just apply. Don't wait,
1712 There are countries that are doing very, very well, because of the good leadership that they have, and others that are facing significant challenges, not just because of leadership but because of the initial conditions that they were dealt with. You know the fragmentation of the continent into small states that are having difficulties staying independent, and economically speaking, there is an element of history and current situations where Africa doesn't have good representation and voice on the international scene, and issues of continuous dependence on the export of primary products where prices are not determined on the continent,
1713 unwittingly for Russian state interests,
1714 Yes, there are members of the Russian security services working out of the Russian embassy under diplomatic cover. What the government seems to be missing is the fact that there are all sorts of informal espionage networks.
1715 We have good numbers of elderly citizens here, and we want to make sure they're being taken care of.
1716 We've been in lots of roundtables and consultations with employers and there's clearly a need for interdisciplinary teams that can behave ethically across three different phases of IT -- the science phase, where new technologies are developed; the engineering phase, where you build, integrate, deploy and maintain them; and the management phase, where you have to make sure adoption fits in with business strategy. In every one of those phases, ethical issues can occur.
1717 What Beijing wants above all is to control the... way the world talks about and thinks about the Chinese Communist Party and its rule in China,
1718 a complicated PR dance,
1719 People get realistic, they realise they're not going to be the prime minister of Australia or the CEO of a company, but they're going to be okay,
1720 looks to be disastrous,
1721 reflects the diversity of the Twitter service.
1722 The journey between Syrex and Redstor began more than two decades ago and was formalised in 2018. With Redstor, we can provide customers with a comprehensive offering that meets all the backup, business continuity, disaster recovery, and cyber security requirements of the digital business,
1723 There's also some evidence that a person's political identity can influence their behavior -- what they buy, where they live, who they hire. If we can understand what's driving partisan divides, we may be able to take steps to reduce them.
1724 Though we do not agree with the Supreme Court, which seems to be encouraging impunity and brigandage with its pronouncements, but in keeping to our democratic disposition as law-abiding citizens, we have accepted the judgment with equanimity, devoid of anger and bitterness. We also urge Abians to accept the temporary setback, remain peaceful and law-abiding.
1725 would be established in each state.
1726 A recent erroneous online message circulating in several languages around the world and purporting to be a Unicef communication appears to indicate, among other things, that avoiding ice cream and other cold foods can help prevent the onset of the disease. This is, of course, wholly untrue,
1727 Eight Russian nationals have returned to Russia, and three of them were diagnosed with the novel coronavirus while being onboard the ship, while the others have refused to take the flight,
1728 I know of (prosecutors) that would never file the death penalty because they don't believe in it,
1729 It's not for IATA to comment on individual countries but we certainly favour a joined-up international response and that is what WHO is pushing for.
1730 I'm thrilled that our gold equities ETF, the U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF (GOAU), was made available for investors to trade on three additional platforms during the December quarter,
1731 It's the end of globalisation as we know it,
1732 Not only are lower borrowing costs unlikely to induce spending by people who are afraid of face-to-face interactions, but in addition, many central banks are already close to the effective lower bound on interest rates,
1733 Global central bankers are intensely focused on the downside risks,
1734 The agreement is just a kind of framework. You cannot take the chance to raise prices arbitrarily or sell inferior quality products to China -- that would certainly not be acceptable for local companies and consumers. The framework is based on the principles of the market economy.
1735 The main question now is ensuring stability, the law and security in the region,
1736 The question is whether it pushes firms so far that they go out of business or start laying employees off,
1737 You don't feel a sense of any victory when you win, because the process is so dehumanising,
1738 So we have a very special performance in this video and that is my dad playing the umpire of the tennis match where I have a royal meltdown because the umpire calls my shot out,
1739 During the crisis, they were very aggressive in using both traditional tools and also expanding to new tools. So there's been a lot of scrutiny on what the Fed did during the crisis, and what they've done since.
1740 It's killed a lot of restaurants and others are just getting by, trying to survive,
1741 So in good times and bad, we must stick with each other.
1742 The integrated database developed by the Consortium will be a comprehensive, collective platform that will inform and accelerate medical experts' abilities to arrive at actionable decisions in relation to COVID-19 clinical research.
1743 With INNsight, we know that as long as we follow the ADA Shield  program, we're protected,
1744 ... we could afford to use our resources profligately,
1745 Bunting has also been helpful, and I hope to solve the immediate problem without antagonising either of these powerful people [ Coombs and Hewitt ].
1746 It's for my children and everyone's children out there in America.
1747 to combat the spread of coronavirus.
1748 This is similar to, but somewhat more generous than, what President Bush did in 2008. Back then, electronic deposits were made available within three months. Some consumers might spend the money right away to meet rent if they lose their regular paycheck; others might have stronger balance sheets and spend the money at whatever uncertain date the virus is contained,
1749 We can take this further, these concepts, too.
1750 What I think stands out about her beyond her skills is her character. She is a great teammate, incredibly modest and she has been a huge part of our program and obviously we are sad to see her go.
1751 against our will and without our consent
1752 Monetary policy has been adrift,
1753 While some firms think about technology merely as a different type of capital investment that does not impact their way of doing things, others are adopting new technologies as they make significant changes to the customers they serve, the skills they employ, and their organizational structures. The latter approach involves higher costs and time horizons, but most likely also much higher returns.
1754 A lot of countries are committing legally to decarbonization, and that requires massive investments in new technologies,
1755 For much of the past decade the US has significantly outperformed other equity markets, and for good reason,
1756 typically see strong attendance and occupancy levels due to the timing of the Chinese New Year holiday.
1757 Veteran and military-affiliated students are an important part of the University of Iowa community,
1758 a potentially larger pool of buyers,
1759 Fortunately, a group of extremely dedicated people has been working literally around the clock to respond to the challenges posed by COVID-19. Our teams are considering every contingency as they undertake their important work on your behalf, and I write today to update you on major near-term changes that will limit exposure to the disease among members of our community.
1760 we were doing the finish work, we were going to move people in right after Commencement.
1761 more than an event in East Asia
1762 Why risk what's so special about this island and its environment because a few people want to make big bucks out of polluting the planet and risking our oceans?
1763 But it's starting to look interesting,
1764 Keeping a constituency informed and involved is important but it's not really what I would see as their primary mission,
1765 looked full of energy and performed reliably
1766 Monetary policy is going to shift from keeping credit markets open to keeping rates low but positive,
1767 strikes are adversarial by design.
1768 The forceful response of central banks contributed to a sharp easing of financial conditions around the globe, which in turn helped contain downside risks to the global economic outlook,
1769 Taking a longer-term view,... the easing of global financial conditions so late in the economic cycle and the continued buildup of financial vulnerabilities -- including the rise in asset valuations to stretched levels in some markets and countries, the rise in debt, and large capital flows to emerging markets -- could threaten growth in the medium term,
1770 Therefore, we need to issue government debt papers to look for the best financing sources. We will be very careful in navigating these uncharted waters.
1771 This is going to be a rolling health crisis in the U.S.
1772 This solution enables the ultra-Orthodox customer to receive a password for his account on a `kosher' cellphone, and to benefit from the advantages of receiving banking services remotely without having to go to the branch,
1773 But this finding indicates that, in childbirth settings, doctors practice defensive medicine by intervening slightly less.
1774 Make no mistake, it's the systemic vulnerabilities created by this unprecedented central-bank-fueled bubble, and the crazy, nave risk-taking and leverage that accompanies it, that makes this pandemic so potentially destructive to the financial markets and the economy.
1775 Maybe a partial lifting of the shelter-in-place for those less vulnerable may make some sense, in about three weeks. By then, much of the damage will have been done,
1776 The title companies have shown an enormous amount of flexibility to get things done,
1777 Trump's Middle East peace plan: What's there to be upset about?
1778 Any business that is necessary for public safety should not have an interruption in their operations,
1779 Handing Out Tax Breaks to Businesses Is Worse Than Useless,
1780 I think it is fair to say that the tax increase -- assuming it is as big as Senator Sanders projects -- is about as large as the [ 13-point ] tax increases enacted to finance World War II,
1781 I'm disappoined we didn't see any thing today,
1782 In a war, you do what you have to do.
1783 The Trump side believes the left is trying to overturn democracy, and they will fight like hell to prevent it. And the Democrats have a disdain for Donald Trump that I've never seen. This isn't as bad as 1968, but it's pretty damn bad.
1784 South Carolina was immediately called for @JoeBiden because it was numerically impossible for anyone to overtake him after the biggest precincts were counted.
1785 We are doing a great deal in this agreement to protect the people of Puerto Rico and bring us out of bankruptcy,
1786 We are proud to support Governor Cuomo and those on the front lines of this pandemic. We thank them for their tireless efforts on behalf of all New Yorkers
1787 Nature and the Environment.
1788 StorCentric has developed and acquired a set of solutions that fulfill the need for managing the explosive data growth and management of on-premise, cloud and hybrid storage environments.
1789 The work and service of the civil rights leader and former U.S. Secretary of Transportation, William Thaddeus Coleman, is unknown to far too many Americans,
1790 I am proud to nominate these outstanding students to our nation's service academies,
1791 The Trump administration also weakened a portion of the EPA rule that would have required the chemical industry to consider whether alternative chemicals or processes could reduce the consequences of a chemical safety accident,
1792 We have zero tolerance for examination malpractices and no child passes through ABEC without being computer literate.
1793 Countries in East Asia and the Pacific and elsewhere must fight this disease together, keep trade open and coordinate macroeconomic policy,
1794 If each country imposes restrictions, then the global price increases even more than it would have. And it can end up being a self-defeating policy,
1795 It was the IPCC that got the prize!
1796 But you can't tell the store cashier to work from home. You can't tell the food service worker to work from home. It's disproportionately the lowest income people, and they can't live for a couple months without income.
1797 It's basically facial recognition... for sewer pipes,
1798 The BOJ... won't hesitate to take additional easing steps if there is a greater possibility that the momentum toward achieving its 2% price target will be lost,
1799 The problem is we have very complex goods today,
1800 Financial sector provides the mirror image of the underlying real economy and the basic macroeconomic balances
1801 Read what the definition of a pandemic is versus an epidemic. Forty to 70% of the world's population will be affected in some way by this situation. If that's the case, and I don't mean to be a doomsayer, I think that the global implications of all of these shutdowns and all these interruptions are potentially huge.
1802 something we're tracking carefully,
1803 Sunday, I'm sure we will have 72,000 people here, I hope 71,500 will be saints fans,
1804 Arun, you love your country so much. What are you doing in America?
1805 Climate policy affecting oilsands could not be clearer,
1806 I have three demands. First is compensation. Second is an FIR and third is an independent inquiry in the matter.
1807 The industry lobbyists came in and persuaded regulators to do half measures. And we're back in the soup again.
1808 has no discussion about how to do a better job of providing a high-quality education for students.
1809 If we do get a slowing of growth, the size of the market [ for distress ] could be gigantic.
1810 The government took the decision to seal both the southern and the northern borders as the entire South Asia and South East Asia are heavily affected by the coronavirus pandemic. There is a greater risk of the disease spreading into Nepal due to cross-border human movement,
1811 I think it's a game we can look at to win,
1812 No one can know for certain how long Madoff will live; however, while he could live longer than 18 months, he could also die before that time,
1813 Russian economic growth can rise from last year's 1.3% to 2% or so, although it's not really going to go much higher without major structural changes. It's not particularly radical. It's based on market forces
1814 Too many people think that if you want to take your own life you will, and the means don't matter. But a gun in the home increases the chance of suicide probably threefold,
1815 when it's freezing cold and rainy, I'm stuck on one of these things,
1816 BI will maintain an accommodative macroprudential policy stance and strengthen coordination with other relevant authorities in order to maintain financial system stability and stimulate the bank intermediation function,
1817 Liquidity wise, we should be fine, we just have to go through this as quickly as possible, containing it and of course repressing the population from moving,
1818 Hail to the start up nation...
1819 If I don't make four albums then what am I really doing in the studio every day?
1820 Lovely, lovely lady, always got a smile.
1821 Russia's Finance Ministry has provided final calculations on financing measures from President's address. Additional expenditures of budgets will total 4.128 trillion rubles ($65.8 bln) by 2024, of which 3.77 trillion rubles ($60.09 bln) are federal budget funds and 0.358 trillion rubles ($5.7 bln) are the funds of constituent entities' budgets,
1822 The government can't reasonably expect business to keep people on in hard times. This is the new reality of our economy.
1823 The models that incorrectly over-estimate GDP growth by 2.77% for India post-2011 also mis-estimate GDP growth over the same time period for 51 other countries out of 95 countries in the sample,
1824 This is going to make it even more difficult to continue with the cultivation of tobacco,
1825 we're getting some bounce.
1826 Companies' way of thinking will change,
1827 For me the idea of sculpture deals with possibilities,
1828 It's the only time that the players and coaches that are playing in the Super Bowl will be under one roof other than Super Bowl Sunday,
1829 The EU can't regulate itslef to relevancy
1830 Tiny touch, Little squeeze, A gnat's whisker.
1831 Economists are so stuck in their ways,
1832 If uncertainty over the future trading arrangement or subdued global growth continue to weigh on demand, then my inclination is towards voting for a cut in Bank rate in the near term,
1833 the rules are so lax, no member has ever been stripped of their congressional pension
1834 To provide further insight into our business and the opportunities ahead, we are now disclosing our revenue on a more granular basis, including for Search, YouTube Ads, and Cloud.
1835 We are investing meaningfully to grow subscriptions,
1836 We have a very well balanced squad once again and I'm very pleased with all our picks. Mohammad Akram and the rest of our staff have all done an exceptional job in picking the right players to do the job for us and I fully back them to win us the title once again.  Each and every player in our squad is a gem and very much capable of turning the match on its head on any given day. We have a fine blend of youth and experience,
1837 I am truly honored to be given this civilian award. We took a small step in the right direction in 2017 and look at us here today. All the foreign players played their part. Thank u Pakistan for the love shown to us. We only want U to experience cricket at home. #LOVEWINS.
1838 We have worked very swiftly to consider this interim authorisation application, because of the urgency of the situation, and its impact on Australian consumers,
1839 lost a once-in-a-generation opportunity for stronger competition and cheaper mobile telecommunications.
1840 These priorities will complement our enduring priorities which include cartels, anti-competitive agreements and misuse of power,
1841 If we can get more produced in the south, that will save $2 to $3 per gigajoule, and that's a life-or-death-difference for many industries.
1842 We note that some magazine titles have already closed, and others are likely to follow, regardless of this deal.
1843 We don't want to damage the structure of the economy, so that when the health crisis is over, we can rise up and be ready to go. So we don't want the sort of structural change that might be being suggested by Mr Joyce.
1844 Based on the information provided to TEG Live by USA Basketball, we had expected these stars to play.
1845 reduces the risk of a flare-up of price competition and increased capital expenditure associated with a fourth mobile network operator aggressively entering the market
1846 working hard and staying poor
1847 Social Security isn't in trouble because of some demographic fluke; it was a demographic fluke that kept it from collapsing before now.
1848 Brune Poirson has a very important mission for the government and for France,
1849 But hope is not a strategy. As a result of the decisions of the Trump administration, Iran no longer has limits on its nuclear program, and the people of Iran have, for now, taken to the streets to rally behind the government and mourn General Soleimani. Because of our lack of strategy, in a matter of weeks, we have given the most extreme voices within the Iranian regime exactly what they wanted. I will remain optimistic that cooler heads prevail and that some long-term strategy emerges for the sake of our servicemembers and our security -- but I fear that counting on that outcome may be the triumph of hope over experience.
1850 potentially unlawful efforts and procedural problems related to the preparation and review of both the draft final Safer Affordable Fuel-Efficient (SAFE) Vehicles rule and the draft supplemental proposal for the Strengthening Transparency in Regulatory Science rule (the so-called `secret science' rule).
1851 President Trump is responding to EPA's decades of efforts in cleaning up our air and water by leaving commonsense environment and public health protections on the cutting room floor,
1852 The Trump Administration has managed to make time for deregulatory proposals and environmental rollbacks, but key regulatory actions and other commitments made under the PFAS Action Plan still haven't been met. The fact is, PFAS Action Plan is mostly plan and very little action,
1853 Why would any president reject that?
1854 So, rather than starting a conversation about how we can work together to improve and build upon this monumental environmental law, what starts now is our fight to save it.
1855 Even though we are 10 years into an economic recovery and the unemployment rate is under 4%, working people are still not seeing the kinds of robust wage growth that those at the top have seen for decades,
1856 `I have been a labor economist for a very long time and I have never seen anything like this. This is a case where a picture is worth a thousand words. '
1857 Example of China recovery shows supply side is working; people not going out much, so demand side may be slower coming back than supply-side.
1858 This is all aimed at keeping credit channels open,
1859 mitigate the normal risks in the system both for lenders and for borrowers.
1860 But it hinges on how the data evolve from here,
1861 The Governor intends to speak to the measures the Bank has taken to ensure the financial system has sufficient liquidity so that credit continues to be available to businesses and households. He will not be announcing any new measures or actions,
1862 Hello, your excellency sir, am I talking to Uhuru? How a you doing sir, we were asking that you finish viewing the body fast as we are many out here waiting,
1863 Historically, they would have met the definition of currency manipulator 15 years ago.
1864 I think BI has already done the bulk of the growth-supporting measures... BI will still be accommodative. It's just not necessarily through interest rates,
1865 Do you know how many bonds we have bought from the government with the heavy capital inflow this year? The figure is close to Rp 25 trillion,
1866 Of course uncertainty in calculating the impact of COVID-19 remains high,
1867 The monetary policy remains accommodative and consistent with the projected inflation rate and is a preemptive measure to maintain the momentum of domestic economic growth,
1868 Regional [ governments' ] capability in managing the economy is key. With electronification, income rises and spending is accompanied by an increase in capacity in handling expenses and promoting growth,
1869 I think it might be a false dichotomy because we don't have a very good understanding of what the impact of a severe [ economic ] depression would be on human life,
1870 At the same time, it creates an immense distortion in policy making.
1871 My bet: four to five years,
1872 Olson had this vision of how economies rise and fall,
1873 For all of their problems, amazing things are happening in India and sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America,
1874 I have always been against spatial redistribution, taking from rich areas and giving to poor areas,
1875 Our original plan was to continue the vigil on a lane off the JL Nehru Road-SN Banerjee Road crossing. It was the police who did not allow us to go there and told us to stop near Hogg Street,
1876 They cited adverse intelligence reports and asked us to call off the programme... It seems the ruling establishment does not want us to organise any programme to oppose the NRC and the CAA,
1877 Religious discrimination could turn into other rights violations. What happens to the 19 lakh people already declared non-citizens in Assam,
1878 The findings suggest that schools may be a particularly important setting for the prevention of future crime. Many high-risk youth in the sample drop out of school at a very young age and are incarcerated for serious crimes prior to the age of high school graduation. For these youth on the margins of society, public schools may present the best opportunity to intervene.
1879 Whether that is an ongoing turning point remains to be seen,
1880 All money going to NHS c'm on you know.
1881 begging to start Oasis again in 2020
1882 Me n Rkid have been self isolating for 10 years c'm on a couple of months ain't f *** ing hurt,
1883 Wan na clear a few things up Oasis gig for NHS charity, as in all money raised goes to NHS not to me, will happen with or without Noel Gallagher it may not be the same but trust me it'll still blow you knickers off as you were LG x.
1884 Give a s ** t what people think I'm crying I'm sad this has all brought it home how much I miss and need him for love. (sic)
1885 Being in a band-it was about the Roses, it was about The Beatles or The Stones or The Pistols.
1886 Someone has a single to promote...
1887 He's a true guy and it's a reflection of his great character.
1888 But it is critical that we remain as diligent about the accuracy of the information we share as we are about every other precaution we take to keep ourselves and our loved ones safe.
1889 I am quite happy that everyone is cooperating in their level and capacity,
1890 A lot of people came forward and expressed their interest in volunteering for the PDMA,
1891 Ideally we want to have our pets in our home, but sometimes there are cases when the animal isn't suited to be in the home or actually sometimes they prefer to be outside,
1892 I'm less confident that the radical-ness of the crypto revolution is going to happen
1893 driving stocks. It's driving crypto. It's driving gold.
1894 Qatar Airways continues to consider opportunities to invest in airlines and support management teams that share our vision to enhance travel opportunities for airline passengers across the globe,
1895 Dozens of works by Pablo Picasso, on exceptional loan from the Muse National Picasso in Paris, will bring the public imaginatively into the spaces where this great 20th century artist achieved his artistic breakthroughs,
1896 @Tom_Bernthal and I talked it out (and those talks were quite romantic). We chose the weekend together. Then he planned the trip, hike, and picnic.
1897 We've heard loud and clear that financial support could enable them to keep the lights on and pay people who can't come to work. That's why today I'm announcing that Facebook is investing $100 million to help 30,000 small businesses in over 30 countries where our employees live and work.
1898 `I'm waiting for him to propose.' `I don't want to pressure him.' `I hope I'll be engaged soon,
1899 up to 30,000 eligible small businesses in over 30 countries where we operate.
1900 Yes, he got down on one knee,
1901 which will distribute the money to local non-profits working on recovery efforts.
1902 We don't expect these factors supporting investor confidence and consumer spending to change anytime soon,
1903 COVID-19 is expected to roll through the global economy over February, March, and April, generating GDP contractions in most countries for at least one of the two quarters it straddles,
1904 We're housing felons for 12 hours and releasing them into the streets.
1905 We're just not getting it done. We haven't been winning. There was nothing really specific.
1906 In the coming weeks and months, we will be launching a formal search for a new general manager,
1907 We're very committed to winning,
1908 We realize the suspension of our Devils games and concerts has created an unintended hardship for the men and women who provide for their families and believe our commitment to them in this unprecedented time is imperative.
1909 I always look at it like the only noise that really carries weight for me is noise in our locker room, and with the guys on our team and coaching staff. I truly believe that you can ask every single one of them in the locker room, the value that I bring to this team, on and off the floor, and they will vouch for that. That's the credibility that I go with.... So I just try to do my job on a daily basis, be a professional every day and go to work.
1910 whether it will withstand legal scrutiny is doubtful because granting citizenship is a central subject
1911 on the theme of death -- verging on the suicidal -- to some of his close family and friends
1912 There were two Menons out there, Patel's key advisor was VP Menon and Nehru's key advisor was Krishna Menon. Krishna Menon did not like V P Menon and the feeling was mutual. Mountbatten used to get along with both. V P Menon would meet Mountbatten to tell him what Patel thought and Krishna Menon would meet him to tell him what Nehru thought,
1913 We demand that those responsible for the violence be arrested immediately.
1914 A corresponding instruction was signed today. Work on it is already in progress. We will inform all those concerned properly about the measures to close the border in the Far Eastern region and other steps the government has taken (to prevent the spread of coronavirus in Russia)
1915 All the tests are being made, using domestic test systems,
1916 Now it [ the new virus ] has been added to the list of especially dangerous illnesses. That will allow us to deport foreign citizens if they are diagnosed with such an illness,
1917 I want us to think about how to justify the confidence of the president, of our people at all stages of our activities,
1918 Despite the seriousness of the situation abroad, we have managed to keep the risk of transmission to a minimum,
1919 Before the outbreak of the current pandemic, hospital occupancy rates in Israel were already the highest in the developed world, while its mortality rates from infectious diseases, which doubled in the past two decades alone, are not only higher than in every other developed country, they are 73% higher than the second-ranked country,
1920 doesn't sound too farfetched.
1921 total medical and health nightmare,
1922 They prefer to believe in miracles.
1923 so the spillover with trade, confidence, business
1924 extreme uncertainty around the strength of the recovery.
1925 There are preliminary signs that the decline in manufacturing and trade may be bottoming out. This is partly from an improvement in the auto sector as disruptions from new emission standards start to fade,
1926 cash transfers, wage subsidies, and tax relief
1927 at least in a medium term perspective
1928 The goal is to prevent a temporary crisis from permanently harming people and firms through job losses and bankruptcies,
1929 Households trimmed spending, as the effects of sterling's fall showed up in higher prices in the shops and squeezed their real incomes.
1930 the financial system was the core of the problem then, and there is no reason for this shock to turn into the experience of 2008 if we handle it well
1931 could prove large but will ultimately be temporary.
1932 We are in the middle of a revolution in payments,
1933 Polymer notes are safer than paper notes and last more than twice as long.
1934 The Bank will take all necessary further steps to support the UK economy and financial system.
1935 We knew they were debating stimulus last month, when two MPC members voted to cut rates. This is not news. But the Governor knows what kind of reaction he will get by mentioning the stimulus debate; clearly he at least still is wavering, despite the election result,
1936 focus on embedding climate into every financial decision and creating a more sustainable financial system to support the path to net zero
1937 I remember all the time Mandela saying... `It is always impossible until it is done,
1938 more democratic decision-making within the business,
1939 They're going to fight us tooth and nail regardless of the name.
1940 One last thing I would like to say, and this is to Senator Bernie Sanders: Bernie don't drop out. Don't endorse Joe Biden.
1941 This will be a big business tax,
1942 Oxytocin might render subjects more optimistic about the likelihood of a good outcome,
1943 So we've got to go after that. It's very important that you follow the money.
1944 The SES is actively getting out to assist people where possible,
1945 The way to peace is long and hard. We have to be prepared for setbacks, spoilers, there is no easy way to peace but this is an important first step,
1946 Allies offer their deepest condolences for the death of Turkish soldiers in last night's bombing near Idlib. Allies condemn the continued indiscriminate air strikes by the Syrian regime and its backer Russia in Idlib province,
1947 NATO solidarity in action.
1948 We see significant military activities close to NATO borders with a new exercise in the western military districts of Russia... and we have seen significant Russian presence in the North Sea,
1949 When it comes to Russia's SSC-8 [ NATO designation for the 9M729 ], we will work on air defence and anti-missile systems, on conventional arms, on increasing military readiness and on extending warning times,
1950 Proud to see NATO allies supporting each other through our disaster relief center,
1951 We are ready to restart the training when the situation on the ground makes that possible. We are in close contact with the Iraqi authorities, with the Iraqi government,
1952 But the thing is, we are committed, the Afghan people are committed to peace, and we will continue to provide support.
1953 NATO will continue to support efforts to find a peaceful and negotiated solution. We have seen a very significant reduction in violence in recent days and therefore we are very close to signing an agreement between the United States and Taliban. This will be the first but very important step to finding lasting peace agreement in Afghanistan
1954 They do not have a problem like unemployment. The palace's agenda does not include poverty. The socialite of the palace does not even know what poverty is,
1955 This bill has ruined the public conscious over justice. Those who had held knives and guns in their hands will be freed but journalists holding pens are kept in prisons. No morality and conscience will approve this,
1956 They are wiping out Palestine. This is not a pact of peace but of war,
1957 We meet 96 percent of our seed requirement locally,
1958 I didn't spend a cent. It's all confiscated in the end.
1959 I'm more aware of it and I do keep my eyes out more when I do go to truck stops and look around more.
1960 Let's see what happens with the virus,
1961 Surely, it runs smoother when we're there, but these are strange times calling for strange measures and to protect the community, we have to stay home.
1962 Instead of parading us down your walk of shame, you should be giving us three Michelin stars. So before you come to my house and slap me in the face, get your story straight.
1963 The gloomy prospects apply to both advanced and emerging economies. This crisis knows no boundaries. Everyone is affected,
1964 Under any scenario, global growth in 2020 will drop below last year's level,
1965 We are particularly concerned about low-income countries in debt distress -- an issue on which we are working closely with the World Bank,
1966 doing everything she can,
1967 reaffirmed their commitment to the reform policies included in the current arrangement.
1968 In this regard, the G20 is an important forum to help put the global economy on a more sound footing.
1969 COVID-19 pandemic has been hitting the Kyrgyz economy very hard and created an urgent balance-of-payments need.
1970 the situation is evolving rapidly and we stand ready to provide a forceful, coordinated response if conditions require it. Some countries will see financing needs rise rapidly as the economic and human costs of the virus escalates.
1971 We are talking about very significant improvements.
1972 The outlook for global growth for 2020 is negative, and we will have a recession at least as bad as the GFC or worse, but expect a recovery in 2021,
1973 But what would happen beyond the quarter? We have to just observe and assess.
1974 Many emerging markets face significant challenges, they are badly effected by outward capital flows and their domestic activity will be severely impacted as countries respond to the epidemic,
1975 Our team is working expeditiously to respond to this request so that a proposal can be considered by the IMF's executive board as soon as possible,
1976 The coordinated monetary and fiscal policy measures will help to alleviate the health challenges and support households and businesses to bridge through the economic challenges facing the country.
1977 Our objective is to provide rapid support to help Haiti address the effects of a mounting health crisis and support spending on health and social benefits to limit the human costs of COVID-19,
1978 The Chinese economy at the time of SARS, in terms of share in the world economy, was smaller,
1979 What we're doing right now is reviewing country by country what are the financial needs, and engaging with these countries to make sure they are aware of this resource and we can immediately respond to them. We're in an early stage of engagement, but I can assure you that we will act very quickly as requests come.
1980 We actually have very constructive engagement with the whole membership, including with Turkey.
1981 The merged entity would need to be authorized also, say, in the U.S., Japan, China if it wants to compete globally
1982 the oak-like English virtues of steeplechasing at its best.
1983 The president is not saying storm the beaches of Normandy,
1984 wreak destruction on financial markets,
1985 There is a major disruption of the supply of these goods because right now everything is at a standstill in China,
1986 This is a piece of about wish fulfillment and wondering what if there was this band of secret Nazi hunters who were eliminating these people [ in the United States ],
1987 For this show about a group of vigilantes who try and reclaim the power, the question the show poses is: `If you hunt monsters, do you risk becoming a monster yourself? '
1988 takes the point of view that symbolic representations provide individuals access to an emotional and symbolic reality that allows us to better understand the experiences of the Shoah and provide it with meaning that can address our urgent present.
1989 We are looking at how best to do this across all our sites and we will work with our staff, Department of Health, Public Health Agency and the Health and Social Care Board.
1990 They kept digging and tried to come up with something. We've just can't put ourselves in those spots. We've got to play better as a team and execute.
1991 It is a moral challenge we're facing now, because we have our loved ones who are incarcerated, in prisons, and they are being left to die.
1992 we started watching that wheel and let other wheels fall off rather than trying to grab that wheel and try and figure out a way to keep going.
1993 We have robust infection control measures in place which enable us to respond immediately,
1994 We are, therefore, compelled to take appropriate legal action against the concerned media group, in order to protect and reinforce the reputation of Edelweiss,
1995 We want to improve kids' outcomes -- sometimes what we're going to have to do is look outside of the schoolhouse door and think about housing.
1996 We wanted people from lots of different backgrounds. Other reality shows, whether it's `Real Housewives' or `Jersey Shore,' they're all one gang of quite similar characters. What `The Circle' gave us the opportunity to do was cast a very diverse net across the United States,
1997 this might be the moment when we decouple a bit from Chinese dependence, to the benefit of both countries
1998 Can you imagine, with all of the bad press they have been getting over the past 18 months if they traded their number one asset in Baez? No way they are doing that.
1999 total call volume continues to see an upward trend,
2000 It allows us to care for the children of parents under financial pressure and strain and those of parents employed in essential jobs,
2001 Our baseline outlook for the global economy is increasingly pessimistic. Still, given how quickly events are moving and the high degree of uncertainty around the virus' path, it may not be pessimistic enough,
2002 Hiring has slowed in the U.S. but remains sufficient to keep the nation's unemployment rate steady,
2003 It's the most directly and immediately impacted.
2004 And even this assumes nothing else breaks under the stresses the financial system and economy are now under.
2005 The administration's first response was Pollyannaish, asking for only a few billion of dollars to address the emergency and (encouraging Americans) to buy stocks on the dip.
2006 People are so fixated on the labor market and the impairment of the labor market because it does drive what we expect for GDP contraction,
2007 This is why we were created.
2008 And my sense is this is going to be something that -- we're all focused on this at the moment. Iran is unlikely to do something in the next 48 hours. but they are not forgetting about this three months from now, six months from now when we're in the general election campaign of 2020, which I think is going to put Trump in a very difficult position position.
2009 Contrary to views of some sceptics that the money is not available, I wish to assure you that the money has been secured and is available to be disbursed in accordance with our public financial management procedures and rules. Indeed, from day one, Government has not stopped spending in the fight against Covid-19
2010 Contrary to views of some sceptics that the money is not available, I wish to assure you that the money has been secured and is available to be disbursed in accordance with our public financial management procedures and rules,
2011 Mr. Speaker, the total estimated fiscal impact from the shortfall in petroleum receipts, shortfall import duties, the shortfall in other tax revenues, the cost of the preparedness plan, and the cost of Coronavirus Alleviation Programme is GHS9,505 million,
2012 Access to Satellite TV Projects for Africa Project
2013 Here let me be quick to say, if care is not taken, we may be heading to the IMF again for a new substantive programme, likely within context of the calls for debt forgiveness for nations like Ghana, taking account of the damage COVID 19 has done
2014 We are currently in discussion with the World Bank to tap into a $12 billion fast-tracked COVID-19 facility to help close the financing gap. In addition, we are discussing with the IMF to access part of the $10 billion facility made available by the Fund. We are also discussing with other multilateral and bilateral partners to nationals on potential assistance to close the financing gap,
2015 His message is that we have to reduce spending, and he is right to put this at the center of our macroeconomic debate.
2016 I am talking with several governments and international financial institutions leaders because they are all busy designing stimulus programmes for the economy -- the plans they will put together will be extremely important,
2017 Some companies won't need to borrow more, some companies may need to borrow more, but no company will stay unaffected by the energy transition.
2018 That effort requires the oil and gas industry to be firmly and fully on board.
2019 I raised this idea with Saudi Energy Minister Prince Abdul Aziz bin Salman because Saudi Arabia has been a stabilizing factor in the market for many years, and I was hopeful that Saudi would agree with this suggestion, as well as the other 19 G20 countries,
2020 working with many countries around the world that would boost economic recovery and accelerate the energy transition
2021 This is a historic opportunity for the world to, on one hand, create packages to recover the economy, but on the other hand, to reduce dirty investments and accelerate the energy transition,
2022 a grand coalition encompassing governments, investors, industry and all people around the world who are genuinely interested (and) committed to address climate change.
2023 I think our policy is well-calibrated to where we are... including the risks that are out there.
2024 We have to be open to the possibility that the markets' view may be more in alignment with fundamentals than the policymakers' view.
2025 If this doesn't have all the alarm bells ringing at the Fed, it's hard to know what would,
2026 The data are volatile,
2027 Google searches for `file for unemployment' are now falling consistently on a week-on-week basis, by about one-third,
2028 This is the first piece of US manufacturing data conducted since the Covid-19 crisis began. The survey forms are sent out on the first working day of the month, by which point stocks had already fallen by more than 14% from their peak. The consensus, therefore, always looked absurdly optimistic. The headline drop is reflected in sharp falls in orders and shipments; the employment index dipped by a more modest 8.1 points, but it will fall further over the next couple of months,
2029 We never imagined we'd write anything like this,
2030 We now guesstimate that second quarter GDP will drop at a 10% annualized rate, after a 2% fall in Q1,
2031 The US is not doing enough testing,
2032 The core trade deficit is starting to rebound; further sharp increases are coming.
2033 This is better than we expected; it appears that firms have responded immediately, and positively, to the news that the Phase One trade deal would prevent the imposition of further tariffs on consumer goods,
2034 It's not low enough to suggest that the Fed needs to ease but it's a long way from suggesting they need to tighten,
2035 more old news, before the coronavirus.
2036 If these numbers are correct, though, and are sustained and then confirmed by the deaths data, they will mark the beginning of the turning point in Europe's battle against the virus.
2037 Our community hospital coupled a suite of virtual reality experiences -- which can reduce apprehension and panic during withdrawal -- with a traditional medication-assisted detox program for patients suffering from substance abuse. We've used the latter for many years, but the VR component adds soothing imagery and sounds and leverages proven psychological techniques to make the process easier,
2038 People kinda equate economics with business, so they kinda think if you study economics you're trying to game the system or make it in the system,
2039 Resources as a Constraint on Growth,
2040 Russia has enough pragmatism and common sense not to refuse talks,
2041 Spillovers from heightened stress in Italy would be global and significant,
2042 These agreements are an important milestone for FLRAA,
2043 I could see that as some factor,
2044 risk reduction activities that combine government research with input from industry partners
2045 They celebrate when the people are rich and powerful.
2046 backlash that did dog Jack Welch.
2047 We look forward to that happening and we anticipate that within days we will have another meeting, possibly with members of UEFA, and then finally, if we do make substantial progress, we will hopefully have a meeting with all the stakeholders together.
2048 I welcome the fact that he resigned from the board but I'm not going to comment on that particular rather unusual event
2049 Without some immediate response, the industry estimates that thousands of jobs could be lost within weeks. This is a desperate situation,
2050 The first few weeks were real hell. I had a very bad relationship with Enda Kenny, to start with. Going to Cabinet meetings was a weekly ambush.
2051 The establishment of the LSSIF confirmed the commitment expressed in the National Development Plan and the National Sports Policy 2018 -- 2027 to increase investment in sporting facilities across the State. Before the establishment of the LSSIF, Government funding for large sports projects was decided on an ad-hoc basis. The fund provides a robust and transparent mechanism for the allocation of funding to develop the best high quality sports facilities across all regions.
2052 They are taking on an association with a debt of  60m, they're taking on a formidable challenge, but we think that their advent, which has been sought for a very long time and which has been resisted by the FAI for a very long time, will mean that those who are creditors and stakeholders will take great encouragement.
2053 We're conscious in our interest rate decisions that when we cut interest rates from cyclical perspectives it encourages people to borrow even more from an already high level of debt because of these structural reasons,
2054 Each of us is using all the scope that we have with interest rates to support our economies through a very challenging period,
2055 He repeated the RBA's upbeat growth outlook as he downplayed the ultimate economic impact of the bushfires and viral outbreak on the domestic economy,
2056 I think that we're seeing climate change affect patterns of production and distribution and investment. We're seeing the cost and availability of insurance change, which is going to affect where people invest,
2057 While the Reserve Bank's decisions reminded people of what is going on, Australians were already adjusting their spending to the reality of a combination of subdued wages growth, the fall in housing prices and high debt levels,
2058 We've also had some instances in the last few weeks where Chinese companies have called force majeure and (that's affected) exports to Australia. It's not on a widespread scale but it is having an effect. And I expect we'll see the impact of that when we get the GDP data for the current quarter,
2059 What's a Wealth Tax Worth?,
2060 at least 30% and I've seen far higher numbers.
2061 These issues are going to be quite difficult to deal with and will have very significant consequences for the global economy,
2062 From spearheading programming in neuroscience and education to his steadfast commitment to his students, we are a better community due to his influence and contributions,
2063 It didn't matter so much who won, it was more important to try to put on a show. Whoever jumped well that day, we all were cheering for him. I think Charles Austin won the competition, but I am not sure.
2064 The current per capita income of the Micronesians was little over one-third of what it had been in 1939 under the Japanese.
2065 The Management is closely monitoring the situation with the outbreak of Coronavirus (COVID-19) and is ready to act depending on the development of the situation,
2066 Tomorrow, if Mike Bloomberg has not dropped out and Elizabeth Warren hasn't dropped out, they have no defense for their candidacy any longer.
2067 Tucker was prepared to speak truth to power, and he did so before anyone else. If you're first, and it turns out you are correct, you earn greater popularity and influence,
2068 We see less winters and less severe winters. It's changing.
2069 But that will wait.
2070 His leadership of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) laid the ground for climate change conversations today.
2071 His leadership of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change laid the ground for climate change conversations today,
2072 If everybody stayed, we'd really have a problem with crowding.
2073 It depends on what you do with legacies. If you're breaking ties [ between applicants ], is that really the end of the world?
2074 The government is calling on national figures and international partners to help the Malagasy people with emergency aid, early recovery, rehabilitation and reconstruction.
2075 The NHS itself puts great emphasis on the cost, in money and time, of missed appointments to over-burdened clinics. So giving patients accessible information makes sense.
2076 Oh, like, `I'm good. I'm forever. I'm never going to have to pack my bag again unless I'm going to visit a friend. '
2077 We are constantly monitoring the situation and I am in a permanent touch with our ambassador to China,
2078 [ Human beings need to work ] together to shape a future that works for all by putting people first, empowering them to constantly remind themselves that all these technologies are first and foremost tools made by people for people.
2079 all end December performance criteria were met, and structural benchmarks have been completed.
2080 Poor segment of the society is not overburdened in the recent hike in electricity prices,
2081 The ECC approved a proposal by the Power Division for a special relief package of Rs20bn to further continue provision of subsidised electricity until June to five export-oriented sectors,
2082 great slowdown with its economy headed for intensive care unit (ICU)
2083 Lending further credence to the evidence, part of the overestimation can be related to a key methodological change, which affected the measurement of the formal manufacturing sector,
2084 It's a good thing they're scrutinizing the exports to make sure they're the right quality but it's not a good thing if they're causing a huge delay when everybody is in a great rush,
2085 It's been a good 10 years and his 3 years probably better than expected.
2086 so the loss of household wealth and liquidity does raise the odds of a bad outcome. Consumer confidence now may be shaken more by the speed of the decline than the scale.
2087 pursuit of potential and purpose
2088 The economic costs almost all come from changes to people's behaviour, rather than the disease itself.
2089 There needs to be vastly more investment in public health and development, especially in the poorest countries,
2090 Until then, women's voices weren't heard in Westminster. That's all changed and I'm proud to celebrate the Women of Westminster in my book.
2091 It is arbitrary that the self-employed should see the large part of their income disappear, while other workers enjoy government protection,
2092 If bosses disregard employees' wellbeing then the Government should take tougher action to force compliance.
2093 We are working on it. We will use Google Hangouts/Meets, pre-recorded content, Google Classroom, Zoom,
2094 We have 65 percent of the world's remaining uncultivated arable land. We have an abundance of freshwater and about 300 days of sunshine a year. There's no reason for anyone to go hungry,
2095 Either the cup is half full or half empty. To us, that is a $68 - $108bn opportunity,
2096 What happens to kids who grew up with a mum who was addicted to OxyContin or whose dad committed suicide, or has bounced around between relatives because they don't have a stable home life, don't know their dads? I think that for people whose lives were unstable as children, they're at much higher risk for bad things happening. They're on trajectories that are going to lead to some pretty difficult circumstances.
2097 dramatically shut down a cholera outbreak.
2098 It is important to me that we hold Commencement and Reunion as a community together, as we always do. When I talk to Brown alumni about the single most memorable experience of their Commencement celebrations, they recall walking through the Van Wickle Gates and down the hill, with throngs of alumni, faculty, and administrators lining the streets and applauding the new graduates. All of our 2020 graduating students deserve to have this tremendous experience,
2099 every student's learning path is individual.
2100 probably shrinking as we speak
2101 There has been a lot of turnover at the top at Avaya, but all the people below them are the same guys, despite the changes at the top,
2102 With something that is growing exponentially, what happens today doesn't tell you a lot about what will happen in a few weeks' time.
2103 No one is making a mistake there, it is not a bias. It was the same rationale that brought down the global economy in 2008. It's wrong to call it crazy. It's right to call it bad.
2104 The growth levels in Australia are lower than they've been in a very long time,
2105 even if you're not freaked out about a pandemic, you worry that everyone else is & they'll stockpile... & you don't want to be the left paperless.
2106 I think it's a miscalculation from Sanders,
2107 Without legislation to require that they have protective gear, these bright lights in the labor market actually may become a dangerous temptation for an older worker who needs the income.
2108 Yes, the markets are changing. Yes, competition is difficult. But if you can retain your own resources and make the necessary investments, yes, you can compete,
2109 Hahnemann is a safety-net hospital in a gentrifying area,
2110 At the time we would talk in class about Schumpeter's idea that innovation is important for growth, but we realized that what was lacking was a model,
2111 By contrast, the coronavirus is creating a situation where, for a brief amount of time, 50 per cent or more of people may not be able to work,
2112 Every time there's a crisis, these questions get asked: Should we become more sovereign? Should we process more of our own food? But nothing changes, really,
2113 Our curriculum is oriented to prepare leaders for increasingly dynamic and rapidly changing environments, and our Center for Leadership and Ethics fuels our efforts via powerful research. As she rolls out her program at the university, the opportunity for new collaborative research efforts with her faculty colleagues here at the business school is tremendous.
2114 There are other pieces that I think make a lot of sense, around witness intimidation.
2115 Fundamentally, the idea is the ads that are served up in the state of Maryland on platforms, the revenue that is generated from the service of those ads in the state of Maryland would be subject to an excise tax,
2116 Clearly the COVID-19 health crisis is critical,
2117 The biggest concern that we have right now is the panic,
2118 We are heading into that double price pressure,
2119 [ The Center ] stands as the first developed institution in a U.S. university which applies quantitative methods to understand economic development [... ] Broader measures of inequality will be key to Professor Goldberg's lecture tonight, and the mini-conference that will follow tomorrow.
2120 But much of the way the University operates, it assumes the goodwill of those who are subject to such policies.
2121 cannot afford a one-and-a-half year stalemate
2122 possible cascade [ ing ]
2123 The World Bank data is quite persuasive that the global debt build-up is very large. When the debt collapses there are two ways in which the country can be hit. If the country is very integrated globally, which India is now, it will get hit. But India has another thing. It's economy is already doing poorly. And, the World Bank is giving a bit of a warning that if an economy is doing badly and a debt wave hits, then it gets sucked in. So we (India) have to be careful,
2124 Taking into account globalisation, the supply chain at a global level, and all the consequences of the fear that is accompanying this epidemic, or this pandemic, we see that there is a demand shock also and we have both together at the global level, and this of course is something which calls for appropriate decisions, not only by central banks of course, but by all partners, without exception.
2125 The road is completely obliterated and there is no plan for it. Will people ever get to walk the track again? You can fly and come by helicopter but most people can't afford that.
2126 The Vice-President, Dr Mahamudu Bawumia, is a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank; are you saying that whatever the committee will put together, he cannot think and put it together?
2127 We believe that budget expenditure will be more evenly distributed this year.
2128 We will be extending our feeding program for as long as we can to as many people as we can,
2129 are happy to shoot themselves in the foot, so long as they can shoot the Americans, too.
2130 bringing down Nicola on the way
2131 Organizations are seen as bigger, even if they aren't.
2132 Perhaps too much emphasis has been placed on how big a dampening (effect) immigration has had on real pay in the first place.
2133 The government jumped in to take advantage of low-interest rates while also playing it safe as it cannot be sure of what the future holds.
2134 The loss of revenue suffered by the private sector, and the debt contracted to reduce the deficit, must be finally absorbed, fully or in part, in the governments' statements of accounts,
2135 There is a long history of coordination between the Fed, the administration, and Congress ending in a bad place,
2136 and why they can fail so badly
2137 As far as I know, there's been no previous recession where the layoffs have happened this abruptly. It's not just that it's large, it's like `bam!
2138 Hence, the situation is not easy -- we can all see that -- but the government has an action plan that we will work on,
2139 This will further destroy small business cashflows and will mean that if and when employees return to work they will have to start from scratch,
2140 wasted a great deal of valuable time by coming up with one ill-fated plan after another,
2141 You're going to have this blow up too and nobody is even looking at it. You have a bunch of mortgages, so the banks went out and loaned money against a lot of shopping malls, office buildings, hotels, and retail. It's all credible institutions doing it again.
2142 Accordingly, we are likely at an in? ection point where `fear' - driven purchases will begin to dominate liquidity-driven selling pressure, as it did in November 2008.
2143 appears impossible at this point
2144 analyses were ignored, parliament was not consulted, and there was no public debate on the issue.
2145 But these are no reasons to delay putting out a generally applicable economic medicine that would help in any downturn.
2146 I am incredibly impressed by how quickly it was done, how large it is, and how comprehensive it is,
2147 We should certainly be prepared for a meaningful level of deliberate suspension of economic activity for the rest of the year.
2148 That's just an enormous shock to the economy.
2149 He's the greatest of all time. I don't know why that's what everybody is writing about. Hey, people need something to write about.
2150 We are pretty concerned about changes to the pH level and ash run-off when it does rain,
2151 How would a progressive wealth tax work? Evidence from the economics literature,
2152 If we do not deal with this discussion and research today, then in 10 years it could be too late and the opportunity will be gone.
2153 Reducing fixed charges and taxes and credit forbearance would also help to reduce the pressure on firms facing an abrupt falloff in demand.
2154 The court has declared them incompetent. They have no place in the governance of the new Malawi,
2155 It is part of democracy. It is their right to associate,
2156 there is little evidence that faculty are making use of their most powerful tool for enforcing political orthodoxy: grading. After taking account of non-political factors (e.g., course of study, family background, etc.), almost all the difference between liberal and conservative grades disappears.
2157 I hope Americans remember we overthrew the government in 1953, bringing in an authoritarian state, overthrowing a democracy,
2158 We want to pray for them -- because our God is a god that answers prayers,
2159 This is a time to show why you are the governor and make sure that people understand you're doing it in their best interest, and try to keep everyone safe.
2160 We're very pleased to welcome Mari to the Bank in this critical new role for the institution,
2161 We've offered technical assistance in the area of health, sanitation and disease policies.
2162 create conditions for growth, support small - and medium-sized enterprises, and help protect the poor and vulnerable.
2163 I valued Penny's intellectual rigor and curiosity,
2164 Working from home is creating a collapse in investment,
2165 interest rates are an excellent predictor of long-run growth potential, and their moribund level [ today ] reflects the markets' expectation of sustained low future growth.
2166 Any Bengali who has been persecuted for religious reasons in Bangladesh, will be welcome in our country. But it must be for religious reasons.
2167 Income tax must be abolished. We must also increase the Fixed Deposit interest rates.
2168 It is ridiculous for Vistara to bid for Air India. Vistara is an illegal airline and there an ongoing case in the Delhi High Court on a PIL filed by me. In that its partner, TATA is under CBI & ED probe. I hope MoCA does not foolishly allow them to participate,
2169 26/11 Terror Act was a ISI & UPA joint operation to launch Hindu Terror operation and ban RSS. It fizzled because a brave Policeman caught Kasab alive. All ten others were killed. They were dressed as Hindus would be,
2170 This GST is so complicated (that) nobody understands which form to fill where. And they wanted it to be uploaded to the computer. Somebody came from Rajasthan, Barmer... He said we dont have electricity, how can we upload? So I said upload it on your head and go to the Prime Minister and tell him.
2171 Congress and Mahatma Gandhi had requested this (CAA). Manmohan Singh had also requested in Parliament in 2003. We did it. Now they are not accepting it saying that we did injustice to Pakistan's Muslims. What injustice was done? Pakistan's Muslims don't want to come, we can't force them,
2172 The government has been very patient. I would have lifted them to Tughlakabad.
2173 We are using English language temporarily because the Americans have globalised its use. Just as laptops are not Indian but before we produce our own version we use foreign technology. Sanskrit will replace English in fifty years,
2174 There is a need to catch these people, they have gone against the long established tradition of India for peaceful, non-violent form of protest.... We have started the process of prosecuting those involved in such violence.
2175 Diane phoned to tell me about the wedding which was very gracious of her, I appreciated that.
2176 I believe everyone has the right to criticize the Federal Reserve, including the president, every member of Congress and every citizen.
2177 Forget hawks and doves -- this job needs a woodpecker, someone who'll hammer away at the importance of stable money. The goal: not a strong dollar or a weak dollar, but a dependable dollar,
2178 I feel like Maya's going to deny that she dressed as a Power Ranger for Halloween, and I just want to go on record, she's lying,
2179 I was well aware that there are much worse things I could have been facing,
2180 Narcissistic Democrats will destroy free markets and constitutional rights
2181 She works with care and thoughtfulness with each person or group that she is involved with,
2182 The budget has provided little steer in any direction and so it is now up to luck,
2183 They've seen the way I've run things previously,
2184 This is a different sort of Great Depression,
2185 We're only in the early innings of this crisis,
2186 I personally do not think there is much to be gained from a national register. The costs and benefits of doing that need to be carefully evaluated.... There are obviously apprehensions on what impact these initiatives will have on the Muslim minority and these apprehensions must be addressed,
2187 shockingly been reduced in this Budget while Bengal has the highest number of days as well as allocation
2188 May I urge that the proposals may be urgently put in place so that the State has some resources to fight the menace of COVID-19 and implement welfare measures for the people, especially poor farmers, the unorganized workers and micro and small enterprises, who among others, have been so badly impacted,
2189 The fact the U.S. has weak support for people falling on hard times should not be celebrated. It's a key reason the U.S. has higher child poverty than many of our competitors.
2190 The work on the list of non-cooperative tax jurisdictions is based on a thorough process of assessment, monitoring and dialogue with about 70 third country jurisdictions. Since we started this exercise, 49 countries have implemented the necessary tax reforms to comply with the EU's criteria. This is an undeniable success. But it is also work in progress and a dynamic process where our methodology and criteria are constantly reviewed.
2191 Since we started this exercise, 49 countries have implemented the necessary tax reforms to comply with the EU's criteria. This is an undeniable success. But it is also work in progress and a dynamic process where our methodology and criteria are constantly reviewed.
2192 assess it in the next week or so.
2193 trusts the superintendent or not
2194 I think we have used all the available channels,
2195 Improving social mobility must be the fundamental imperative of this new decade: As long as an individual's chances in life remain disproportionately influenced by their socioeconomic status at birth, inequalities will never be reduced. In a globalized world where there is transparent information on the gulf between the `haves and the `have-nots' , we will continue to see discontent, with far-reaching consequences for economic growth, the green transition, trade and geopolitics. Social mobility matters for building a fairer and more optimistic world, but it also matters because we won't succeed in achieving other objectives without it,
2196 Our captain decided to make a mini task force with our officers that were working directed patrol,
2197 the reduction in wage levels due to the wage freeze is reflected in a permanent reduction in the nominal wage base. Hence workers continue to incur income losses long after the wage freeze has been lifted.
2198 This data was when things were going well. That means anyone who loses a job in a month's time could go hungry,
2199 to how effectively the infectious disease service needs to be prepared.
2200 I don't think it's quite going to be the same in China... but nonetheless, a terrific day for Tesla and well-deserved because they've innovated with a product that many of us love.
2201 We have positive view on Nigeria's growth because of developments in the fiscal and monetary sectors that will drive more expansion in the Nigerian economy. We have not lowered our Nigeria's GDP and oil price projection.
2202 I'm hoping they share with us their experiences so we are familiar with the infrastructure at these institutions. I do want to highlight what is happening at the University of Michigan -- beyond the chief diversity officer, they have academic diversity officers within different academic units,
2203 That will be the main thing to protect national industries,
2204 The global economy will have a very hard landing,
2205 We've seen quite wild swings in the market, and that's because of the massive amount of uncertainty as to whether the stimulus will get done and how long will the recovery take.
2206 An effective manager is needed to make sure that the National Projects move forward and contribute to these objectives.
2207 But, exactly what do we mean by a hotel that is hit hard? Would my personal Airbnb not count if I had a lot of cancellations. I could see these targets being litigated and funds being dispersed well after science has figured out a solution.
2208 By pushing the season ticket renewal deadline back and confirming our policy if games were to be cancelled or played behind closed doors, we want to ease any concerns our loyal fans may have in the current circumstances,
2209 I understand that it's no more dangerous than a petrol station
2210 is not working for the public that has invested in some of the riskiest stages of drug development.
2211 Let's get something that's acceptable, that people are familiar with and trust as a policy, but let's do it well,
2212 RNA interference is like a vaccination-it triggers a natural and highly specific mechanism whereby specific targets are suppressed, be they the RNA of viruses or endogenous genes,
2213 That's why you're intervening. So they're almost by construction going to be plagued by the issue of regression to [ ward ] the mean. I think that's a really important lesson as we continue to try to figure out how to improve health care delivery, especially as so much of the work focuses on these high-cost patients.
2214 Because they're so data-driven, they had the data infrastructure in place, which made this possible.
2215 The power of the klal is tremendous,
2216 We found that an increase of only 1 gram per cubic meter in fine particulate matter in the air was associated with a 15% increase in the COVID-19 death rate,
2217 At some point, enough people will realize that, whatever the initial trigger, the sell-off has gone too far and hold against it,
2218 In political terms, the deal outlined but not finalized by Eurogroup finance ministers falls short of the required signal of unique solidarity in a unique crisis.
2219 Lower cost is still a key factor. If I say I have a supply chain that's more local and more resilient, and you have one that's more global and less resilient, the global one will still be less costly in the end because it has productions in places with the lowest cost. The high-resiliency local supply chain would only have an advantage during times of major global disruption, so, ultimately, the logic of international trade... is still going to be very powerful and will not go away.
2220 So in some aspects, the air on a plane is cleaner than what's going on in your new office buildings.
2221 Such is the strange world of recovering from a pandemic shock,
2222 Our estimates imply that a bit more than half of the near-term output decline is made up by year-end,
2223 the relative appeal of just sitting on cash
2224 there will be a very strong lobby to continue some of the income supports; the childcare wage subsidy; the purchase of private hospital beds.
2225 You can't do this as a tick-box compliance exercise where each person signs off their little bit to say ethical concerns are sorted because when you put them all together, the system overall may not work as it's meant to,
2226 Because of this, the virus's impact may be quite a bit more costly than many analysts anticipate,
2227 documented cases are growing rapidly both domestically and internationally.
2228 We hope that students will return to their permanent residence and complete their coursework remotely,
2229 Exxon is an extremely well-managed company, and it is a very good guardian for shareholders.
2230 In a recession, typically, 10 to 20% of Triple-B gets downgraded.
2231 One step teams and organizations can take is to ask former CEOs to serve as advisors when younger, leapfrogging CEOs are promoted.,
2232 You could apply for a mortgage holiday where the banks will let you pause your repayments for up to six months if your financial difficulty is due to the pandemic,
2233 It needs to be a registered charity that accepts tax-deductible donations and ideally for tax time you have a copy of your receipt of where you made the donation to,
2234 Evaluating Central Banks' Tool Kit: Past, Present, and Future,
2235 Humans are vulnerable to air pollutants seeping into bloodstreams and brains,
2236 People just can't go on, they go into the streets and show their anger.
2237 The costs will probably exceed everything known from economic crises or natural disasters in Germany in recent decades,
2238 They're going to make a deal, because they have to. They have to. They have no choice... And I would be very surprised if I had to implement the tariffs.
2239 Trillions of dollars of market capitalization have been lost in the past couple of weeks. Financial conditions have tightened. US, UK, and Australian bond yields have never been lower. The US 30-year bond yield has never been below 2%, and now it is below 1.5%. German Bunds yields are near record lows of near minus 75 bp. Investors seem to be concluding that the Federal Reserve is heading back toward the zero-bound,
2240 In any kind of protest, the opposition unity is important as it makes it easier for everyone. Unity is important if the protests are happening for the right reasons,
2241 No. it's all because of PTI's gross negligence, mismanagement and sheer incompetence. People have lost patience with Imran Niazi Govt which has to go,
2242 Nowadays the traditional banking model offers low returns... small and medium-sized banks are the most affected and struggle to strengthen their balance sheets owing to high costs and difficulties in gaining access to the capital market,
2243 President Trump has made Putin great again,
2244 This aggression must be condemned by US and EU, and Putin must understand that only path to better West/Russia relations runs through Ukraine,
2245 We're angry and afraid and with good reason. All it takes is a stray spark and the hillside will explode into flames,
2246 11% of Realtors indicated a reduction in buyer traffic and 7% are reporting lower seller traffic when asked directly about the coronavirus impact on the market.
2247 Historically, anytime that we have needed to build, there was never a recession. This is an incentive for builders to start more construction. If they do, I think we will have at least 12 consecutive years of economic expansion.
2248 The median existing-home price for all housing types in January was $266,300, up 6.8% from January 2019 ($249,400), as prices increased in every region. December's price increase marks 95 straight months of year-over-year gains.
2249 Africa may lose half of its Gross Domestic Product with growth, falling from 3.2 percent to about 2 percent due to a number of reasons which include the disruption of global supply chains,
2250 I am getting vendors who are actually encouraging me to (make smaller) orders because they're trying to spread out the capacity,
2251 I urge you to consider the resources available and how your Representation or Organization can contribute to the growing list of donors to FAO's response plan for effective Desert Locust Control in the Horn of Africa. Locusts do not wait, they will go wherever they want and they will destroy anything they want. Please do not wait to act, let us work together to upscale operations and recovery efforts to safeguard livelihoods and food security in the Greater Horn of Africa,
2252 It is unlikely that health care cost growth will moderate without a corresponding moderation in the growth of health care employment.
2253 Sit still. If you sell in a panic and then buy in the upturn you are guaranteed to lose money.
2254 What I've heard, over and over again, is -- this is the moment, we need to take advantage of it,
2255 A major agreement between the Democrats and Republicans on an infrastructure bill could change that outcome. That is a missing ingredient in the U.S. economic outlook for 2021,
2256 What are you waiting for, for everyone to go hungry and die,
2257 Presumably, there is a treaty that is in final form or maybe still just close to it.
2258 We have gone through the list of lenders in that market and basically weighed what it meant in terms of either pursuing a greenfield licence or buying an existing lender,
2259 Even if they're not creating anything, they're going to translate into I'm going to use this skill set.
2260 While supply chains have stopped expanding there is no evidence that they have been shortening,
2261 `Atlas Shrugged' is a celebration of life and happiness. Justice is unrelenting. Creative individuals and undeviating purpose and rationality achieve joy and fulfillment. Parasites who persistently avoid either purpose or reason perish as they should.
2262 But it should be good news for consumers because they should be paying less
2263 Common commercial sense says that uncertainty over export authorizations will [ diminish ] incentives to exports in the first place,
2264 If the competitor has an undiagnosed problem, age does not play a factor; they can be affected in their 30s too,
2265 Someone called me informing that the lecture has been postponed. Then I sent them a mail to confirm and I was told that they are not holding it right now,
2266 Strike a balance that is conducive to protecting lives,
2267 These certificate of need regulations definitely threaten lives because they reduce the ability of medical services,
2268 The House bill includes far too many exemptions,
2269 The world is getting worse and worse because of the United States now.
2270 We're largely conducting business as usual,
2271 If trade, other uncertainties don't get resolved it could lead to wholesale retrenchment among businesses.
2272 My understanding is that there is no genuine shortage of most of these items, either nationally or regionally. But a more orderly way of distributing and rationing access to groceries and medical items would ensure that more consumers would end up with some amount of most of the needed items, with fewer face-to-face interactions with retail clerks and fellow consumers.
2273 People do get lost over the summer and then make it up.
2274 tested positive for 2019-nCoV,
2275 The back-and-forth negotiations are taking time; however, it means there is candidness, which I think can only be helpful.
2276 The reality is that even without the data, this is the one time where we can look around and say, well, first of all, everybody is at home,
2277 They also demonstrate that it's important policymakers have to be ready for what is an unavoidable slowdown in growth.... The economic fallout from the virus is going to be severe,
2278 was a magnet for all these very talented international migrants, which was on net, probably a good thing for the city,
2279 We're the only city in the world that hosts a Grand Slam and a Grand Prix and fans who get along to the Australian Open over the next two weeks can expect a show like no other.
2280 If anyone gave you a figure they would be pulling it out of the sky.
2281 On its part, government will contribute US$ $1.1 million towards the project.
2282 One of his characteristics is his very pronounced loyalty to the institution that he is serving.
2283 The most important benefit of having the treaty is resolving the uncertainty about what would happen if NAFTA had been dumped and not replaced.
2284 If we were able to calculate [ China's ] GDP correctly, it would probably be half of the [ official ] number.
2285 India swapping its H-1B workers
2286 It is a really wonderful, light-hearted comedy,
2287 Personally, I think it's been a close call, therefore it doesn't take much data to swing it one way or the other -- and the next few meetings are absolutely live. I really need to see an imminent and significant improvement in the UK data to justify waiting a little bit longer.
2288 The 2000 investor is the only one that has encountered two very large bear markets early in retirement of 50 per cent or more and they seem to be doing OK.
2289 We believe creative collaboration is essential to mobilizing investment into climate infrastructure in emerging markets at scale, providing our clients with further opportunity to invest in the global low-carbon transition,
2290 We've been a great team,
2291 Also, if the markets were more competitive, the whole economy would be more dynamic,
2292 Based on $7 per month for $1000 which is stated in their website, this works out to $84 per year total interest. At this rate it works out to 8.4 percent simple annual interest if there are no additional fees.
2293 But it [ would be ] up to every member state to decide whether they want to apply for it or not,
2294 In today's environment where 40,000 songs are uploaded every day on Spotify, it sometimes takes more than one record to break an artist,
2295 It could theoretically be applied to almost anything,
2296 With the different sets taking place before and after the fireworks, we worked closely with Lighting Designer Steve Abbis to achieve a slightly different look and feel, to mark the significance of entering a new year and decade. Our sophisticated lighting rig for the show was specifically designed to complement the architectural features of the Great Hall.
2297 humiliating development, which has disturbed our country
2298 Our continued erosion of wild spaces has brought us uncomfortably close to animals and plants that harbour diseases that can jump to humans.
2299 That is if you want the `neo-liberal kernel inside Europe' .
2300 The deal was made by company management and the board of directors, which Gantz headed, but was not involved with,
2301 Today, of course, we are in the very adverse economic scenario... we do expect that most banks and most banking systems are going to be stable,
2302 It is a wild card -- I think even the experts would confirm that it's too soon to tell,
2303 The branding exercise earlier was to find relevant differentiation between two or three competitors. We don't live in that world anymore. We live in the world I call the world of webs, the world of networks, the world of connectivity. It's changing the way you think about brand,
2304 As of 2025, every Bosch product will either contain artificial intelligence or will have been developed or manufactured with the help of AI.
2305 But it is a concern to me that there been, thus far, no similar condemnation or sense of regret expressed by the national party. In a letter to me from the national chair in response to this issue, the strongest it said was: `Intimidating behaviour has no place in our politics.
2306 How Many Jobs Can be Done at Home?
2307 If we do not manage the climate crisis, it will be the same.
2308 minimized his conduct, blamed his victims and has never fully accepted responsibility for his crimes.
2309 The continent now has Agenda 2063. Let's take one of the 10-year plan and look at the flagship programmes that are there. Assuming the continent has the resources to do these things, does it really have the capacity to do it?
2310 The politics around pollution is very bad,
2311 will allow the team to generate the type of fan frenzy
2312 A profession that is less diverse and less open to different identities is more likely to exhibit groupthink and hubris,
2313 Bear Essentials: a guide to navigating a bear market,
2314 It's all fine to shun oil companies, but given the scale of investments needed they will probably have to be part of the solution,
2315 The US equity market has managed to grow its EPS close to 90% since its pre-crisis peak, compared with just 17% in Asia, 12% in Japan and a paltry 4% in Europe,
2316 Decarbonization of heavy transport and the role of hydrogen
2317 I'm convinced both parties will be keen to build a strong air transport agreement,
2318 five steps to becoming a leader.
2319 If I were Italian and if I saw that other countries are not willing to help Italy, I would question membership in the Union,
2320 It is not desirable... to tie our hands and to outsource regulation and effectively supervision of the world's leading complex financial system to another jurisdiction,
2321 Large structural changes need to be made in order to get the rate of supply growth up,
2322 In the UK, entrenched Brexit-related uncertainties added to the global drag on domestic activity. Last year, the UK economy grew at its weakest pace since 2010 as business investment remained subdued despite having grown barely at all in the prior few years and households began to rebuild savings and cut back on durable spending despite the resilient labour market.
2323 main challenge facing the (Monetary Policy Committee) most recently has been to support the UK economy through Brexit
2324 The pandemic is clearly a real risk and with it the threat that this leads to recession. The correct response will be a fiscal one in this case.
2325 The equivalence regime in the EU is a relatively unstable equivalence regime,
2326 It's generally true that there's much less ammunition for all the major central banks than they previously had and I'm of the opinion that this situation will persist for some time.
2327 It's so much larger than anything we've encountered before. I think this is going to be larger than the Great Recession. I hope it doesn't last as long, but the magnitude of the shock is bigger.
2328 Most countries agree about the financing mechanism,
2329 The technological advancements we have seen mean we could decarbonise the economy very cheaply if we choose to,
2330 This is going to be the destination in Ventura,
2331 I was quarantined twice, each time for 14 days.
2332 This is not what we are, and it's not what the community knows that we are.
2333 We know in economics bad money drives out good money, it is not surprising that even the US dollar is now in short supply... I would say the immediate course of action will be to remove the bond note, let the US dollar be the core currency of focus,
2334 So, we are using a strategy called a swap, where we are swapping the RTGS [ real time gross settlement ] balances for cash with the bank,
2335 We are looking forward with optimism and it is our hope for more improvements,
2336 In the last 12 months, we had 190 million transactions valued at $460 billion. That means we are on our way to de-dollarisation because the bulk of transactions are in domestic currency,
2337 The country is not at risk of famine,
2338 There are some illicit transactions which occurred around the stocks that are impacted by the fungibility provision. We wanted to close that hole; that is why we (have) suspended and not banned the provision, while we investigate to make sure that the right fine-tuning is done,
2339 The economy is now expected to decline by -8% against the backdrop of another drought which will affect Agriculture, the main sector of the economy. Tobacco output is expected to decline below the 2019 volumes due to debt and payment in RTGS,
2340 In Zimbabwe we have a process of devolution which is very similar to what you see in Nigeria and indeed what you see in Kenya which two have evolved their constitutions in terms of delivery of service at a local level,
2341 The expected outcome is to enhance tax compliancy and efficiency, as well as strengthening public accountability, which will be achieved through installation and functionality of the new Tax and Revenue Management System as well as the improved capacity of the oversight function of Parliament,
2342 We want quality growth which is led by growth in exports and investments and not driven by mere consumption, which was a pattern in the previous government,
2343 Ex-post facto approval for the development of Kartarpur Sahib Corridor on EPC/turnkey basis phase-I (Gurdwara Kartarpur Sahib, Narowal district) at a revised cost of Rs16.55 billion was granted by Ecnec,
2344 Pakistan looks forward to Chinese support in dealing with this unprecedented situation arising out of this pandemic,
2345 We wanted to be careful not to overreact, but we also didn't want to under-react,
2346 Whether I'm involved or indirectly involved, I screw things up all the time. The most important thing is if you don't get it right, you've got ta fix it immediately and I'm proud of the way the organization said, `You know what? We didn't have it right and we're going to get it right. '
2347 .... After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
2348 We ended up finding After-School All-Stars, and they are the best at what they do. They help nearly 100,000 kids nationwide in different communities.
2349 Ray is a talented hockey executive and I am confident he will have great success in the future. However, Ray and I are in agreement that the Devils need to move in a new direction and that this change is in the best interest of the team.
2350 Coming out of the ashes, bitcoin has really developed its own lane as a store of value
2351 It's now in litigation, which I hope will be vigorously pursued and defended by the town by appointed counsel.
2352 It doesn't necessarily mean the market's going to go up, but a lot of that crazy volatility is kind of coming out.
2353 It's January of 1999... We feel very similar to that,
2354 he's currently not actively engaged
2355 I constantly hear people saying to him what an honour it is for them to meet him,
2356 It is estimated that Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, which is a personal accident policy for unorganized workers, 90% of the business is done by PSGICs at a loss ratio of 221% whereas PSUs are mandated to offer these policies and private players are choosing not to service this huge loss-making scheme.
2357 To discourage imports, the finance minister has said the rule of origin will be implemented in the free trade agreements made by previous governments. The effect will be that flow of Chinese goods that enter India through ASEAN countries under the guise of free trade agreements will be curbed,
2358 It was an eerie atmosphere outside. Inside, the fear was real, but you wouldn't have known it. There were about 60 -- 80 animals including a goldfish in a bowl. The animals were all very quiet. They seemed to be keeping the people calm and as the people patted the pets, the animals stayed calm. There is something to be said about the benefits for both,
2359 We are only suggesting to move away from that if we can replicate that richness of data but to do so it has to have two things going for it,
2360 Participants will be competing for the 1st, 2nd and 3rd place overall grand prizes, which will include cash and start-up services. The winning 1st place group will receive $5,000, the 2nd place group will receive $3,000 and the 3rd place group $1,000. The winning team will also have the opportunity to participate in the BEDC Enterprise Bermuda Incubator Program.
2361 positive effect on the wages and working conditions of the workers that are engaging in them.
2362 You are eligible for these benefits. It's extremely important, not just for you and your family, but if there's an avalanche of people who then can't pay their rent, can't pay their mortgage, can't pay their car payments, that creates even worse ripple effects in the economy that makes this crisis even more so.
2363 We're talking really big numbers,
2364 The most important issue in India today is economic crisis. Inflation is going up, growth is coming down. Jobs are stagnant, they are being lost. Nobody is talking about it,
2365 Cheetah is a flagship species of a highly endangered ecosystem of the country -- the grasslands. Cheetah is also the only species to go extinct in peninsular India in historical times. I'd say that we could not save the cheetah earlier, but if we allow any other species to go extinct now, it will be because we allow it to happen,
2366 I welcome the decision on MPLADS. I have been arguing for long that the approximately Rs 7,000 crore given to MPs & MLAs annually for development works should be used as a corpus for state funding of elections.
2367 we cannot be selective, we have to be upfront, bold and say minority communalism is as dangerous to India as (much as) majority communalism is.
2368 Congress leaders have to reinvent themselves. The party has to reinvent itself if it has to be relevant. Otherwise, we are staring at irrelevance. Our arrogance has to go, even after six years out of power sometimes, some of us behave as if we are still ministers,
2369 This is a wonderful book. This contains the writings and speeches of one of the most intelligent prime ministers of our country. English language is very important. But Kannada language should also be given equal importance. Similarly Hindi also. This book has important details of Nehru's life. I appreciate the effort of Prof Purushotam in writing such a wonderful book. This is not a subject which needs to be invented by Congress party. Nehru is the emblem of India. He is not limited to Congress party alone. He is the wealth of the whole country. More research should be done in this regard cutting across political party lines.
2370 Delighted that Supreme Court has just given OK to reintroducing cheetah from Namibia. This was something I had initiated 10 years ago. Cheetah which derives from the Sanskrit `chitra' (speckled) is the only mammal hunted to extinction in modern India,
2371 The prevailing model, indeed, in plutocratic America is that taxpayers fund the vast majority of research and development (R&D) for pharmaceuticals and then the intellectual know-how is turned over, free of charge, to private industry so that it can market these drugs under 20 years of patent protection and then make a fortune at the cost of the American people.
2372 This policy is unconscionable and flagrantly against international law. Yet worse, it is now feeding the coronavirus epidemic. It is imperative that the U.S. lift these immoral and illegal sanctions to enable Iran and Venezuela to confront the epidemic as effectively and rapidly as possible.
2373 We've launched more wars than any other country in modern times. We've launched war after war after war. So I don't think it's really our business to change the regime.
2374 We have ended up in a pretty rotten corrupted system and so the real space of our politics is extraordinarily limited,
2375 Trump wins some, loses some when compared to Obama,
2376 If people are panicked because hospitals are overflowing and loved ones are dying, the hit to the economy will be even worse than if we remain in lockdown,
2377 The general thinking at the moment is V-shaped -- that this is a problem here and now. The Fed eases monetary policy, and we're back up and running pretty quickly. I suspect that won't be the case,
2378 It will convince most everyone that the virus is a serious threat to the nation's health and economy, weighing on the collective psyche of investors, businesses and most importantly, the American consumer,
2379 Credit is the mother's milk of economic activity,
2380 the safe haven in the world, economically, and it probably is going to be the safest place to be, given this global pandemic.
2381 At some point, one of these tops will be the blow-off top and then the bubble will collapse.
2382 Brown has always been about its people.
2383 However, there are Brown students and employees who, due to age or underlying health conditions, may be at significant risk if they contract the virus. We must take steps to protect them, as well as other vulnerable members of the local community who interact with Brown students on a regular basis.
2384 But many of these opportunities can't be realised unless we invest a lot more in project preparation to make the projects bankable. The African Development Bank through its NEPAD infrastructure project preparation facility has helped to mobilise financing for $8.5 billion of infrastructure projects.
2385 This, therefore, is a time for bold actions,
2386 recognised for my very modest achievements and contributions to Africa. Humbled to be nominated by what I gather to be 60% of the votes cast by some 1 million people, humbled to be at the helm of an organisation that is making a tremendous difference across Africa -- the African Development Bank. An organisation that is daily making prosperity a reality.
2387 come study me, oh trendspotters and psephologists, for a glimpse into what the future does not hold.
2388 Digital currency, a cross-cutting topic that requires input across sectors, functions, and geographies, is a key area of interest for the Forum. Building on our long history of public-private cooperation, we hope that hosting this consortium will catalyse the conversations necessary to inform a robust framework of governance for global digital currencies.
2389 1t. org presents an important example of how stakeholders from all walks of life and all ages can work together to achieve a single, globally significant goal.
2390 We bring together people of influence, and we hope that they use their influence in a positive way,
2391 Our best and only response to it should be to take concerted action. The COVID Action Platform is at the center of our mission and we draw upon all our members and partners, communities and capabilities to make it a success.
2392 For a protest, opposition unity is important as protest becomes easier. Unity is important. If protest is for a proper reason but if there's no unity, and we stop protesting, I don't agree to it. If there's no unity we still have to move on whatever is necessary to be done,
2393 The constructive role of friendship applies not only across the national borders, but also within. Divisions between groups and sects not only damage our social lives, but they can also work as barriers to intellectual progress within and across the nations. Friendship is, in fact, central to the development of knowledge,
2394 but also from the neglect of their interests in the governmental distribution of public facilities
2395 there is a deep complementarity between individual agency and social arrangements
2396 But even if unity is not there, then that doesn't mean we will stop protesting. As I said, unity makes protest easier but if unity is not there still, we have to move on and do whatever is necessary,
2397 For many businesses, unfortunately, there's really nothing customers can do right now, but for those businesses, we're saying make sure you come back early and often when they're open again because this really is turning into an economic emergency for small businesses,
2398 I wasn't able to have children of my own,
2399 If prolonged and widespread, this would likely affect Japan's tourism and retail activities through a decline in tourist arrivals, and spending from China and elsewhere,
2400 In particular, it endorsed initiatives to: Enhance access to our emergency facilities, as now some 85 countries indicate they rely on them for financial support; build up our capacity to serve our poorest members; and help countries experiencing foreign exchange shortages, including possibly by short-term liquidity line.
2401 This is a powerful, fast acting initiative that will do much to safeguard the lives and livelihoods of millions of the most vulnerable people,
2402 our deep sympathies to all those affected by the serious situation related to #Coronavirus.
2403 falling back into debt distress
2404 First, the outlook for global growth: for 2020 it is negative -- a recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse. But we expect recovery in 2021. To get there, it is paramount to prioritize containment and strengthen health systems -- everywhere. The economic impact is and will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be.
2405 Never in the history of the IMF we have witnessed the world economy come to a standstill,
2406 Global growth would be about 0.1 percentage points lower,
2407 causing tragic loss of life, and the lockdown needed to fight it has affected billions of people,
2408 Under any scenario, the global growth in 2020 will drop below last year's level. How far it will fall, and for how long, is difficult to predict, and would depend on the epidemic, but also on the timeliness and effectiveness of our actions.
2409 will turn sharply negative in 2020
2410 Never in the history of the IMF have we witnessed the world economy come to a standstill,
2411 the kingdom is a country which has made good progress thanks to the various reforms undertaken
2412 The human costs of the Coronavirus pandemic are already immeasurable and all countries need to work together to protect people and limit the economic damage. This is a moment for solidarity -- which was a major theme of the meeting today of the G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors,
2413 We have seen an extraordinary spike in requests for IMF emergency financing. We are being asked by our members to do more, do it better and do it faster than ever before.
2414 the largest outflow they have ever recorded,
2415 We are still at the point of quite a lot of uncertainty. So I would talk about scenarios rather than projections,
2416 We will continue this constructive engagement with the membership including with Turkey. We are there for all our members.
2417 All sectors are being impacted with extreme severity as measures are being taken to stop the spread of the virus.
2418 We should not hide away from what is going on. The climate crisis is upon us,
2419 are confronted with a crisis like no other.
2420 but how far it will fall and how long the impact will be, is still difficult to predict.
2421 China was different [ then ], the world was different,
2422 parties of the left totally changed in nature and adopted completely new platforms.
2423 People keep asking me what are you going to do with the tickets? I'll probably take them back and put them in the vault,
2424 the best bar for indie music since Gotham Town closed.
2425 Once this (coronavirus crisis) is put to bed we need to get oasis back for a 1 of gig rite for charity c'm on Noel we can then go back to our amazing solo careers (sic).
2426 They spend the largest amount and stay the longest amount out of the travel groups.... We have also seen many of the Asian Americans that have already paid [ for hotels and charter buses ] cancel out of their own fear.
2427 They're offering steady and consistent involvement not just in the races but also during private testing. There will always be a Ducati engineer with us during tests and races, because we can't access the electronics on our own. At Sepang there were two additional staff members on hand who know the Superbike model inside out, and it'll be the same thing at Le Mans to train up and support our technical crew to the fullest extent.
2428 With Johnson reluctant to pursue any more delays, there is a clear risk of the process resulting in a no-deal Brexit at the end of the year, the threat of which is likely to limit any upside in the pound.
2429 You have certain moments in time when you can hit it... Timing matters incredibly.
2430 an increase in a country's level of income inequality has a significant positive relationship with subsequent economic growth.
2431 good contacts in the law enforcement structures. He has often been seen at hockey matches with senior officials from the FSB (security service) and the interior ministry.
2432 Now it [ new type of coronavirus ] is added to the list of highly infectious diseases. This will allow to deport foreign citizens, if they are found to have such disease, and to announce special restrictive measures, including isolation and quarantine,
2433 I think it makes it almost doubly smart that Elon is in Beijing and in Shanghai,
2434 position the economy very well for its recovery once we have things return to a normal situation.
2435 Today, we're dealing with an economy where monetary policy has very little by way of traction. What we're working on is to establish very solid conditions for the recovery period so that when the recovery does start, it will have the best momentum that we can give it,
2436 Bank has so far accumulated over C$ 200 billion of new assets, amounting to about 10% of Canada's GDP in liquidity support for the economy.
2437 The good news is that with the B-20 guideline working to reduce the riskiest borrowing, we are confident that the stock of household debt is becoming less of a threat over time,
2438 There is emerging some downside risk to the outlook for inflation.
2439 So, traders are forced to begrudgingly walk back risk for fear of getting steamrolled if another hugely detrimental headline hits.
2440 at the very least, be significantly disrupted
2441 The banks are going to burn through their capital,
2442 it's going to be several trillion they have to spend to keep people from starving.
2443 The key will be the OPEC + communique that is articulated to the market once the meetings conclude, to gauge whether the wording signals a collective harmonious voice amongst the group that plausibly helps to rebalance oil markets, or whether it's merely complex face-saving maths,
2444 The measures that have already been taken and that are being discussed; they make it possible to use the currency of the Russian Federation in international settlements, ramp up the use of the Russian ruble by non-residents. The use of the ruble for payments in international trade contracts will help strengthen the position of the Russian ruble on international markets,
2445 This crisis is like no other. First, the shock is large. The output loss associated with this health emergency and related containment measures likely dwarfs the losses that triggered the global financial crisis. Second, like in a war or a political crisis, there is continued severe uncertainty about the duration and intensity of the shock. Third, under current circumstances there is a very different role for economic policy. In normal crises, policymakers try to encourage economic activity by stimulating aggregate demand as quickly as possible. This time, the crisis is to a large extent the consequence of needed containment measures. This makes stimulating activity more challenging and, at least for the most affected sectors, undesirable.
2446 The projected recovery for global growth remains uncertain,
2447 For the first time since the Great Depression both advanced economies and emerging market and developing economies are in recession,
2448 The economic impact is already visible in the countries most affected by the outbreak. For example, in China, manufacturing and service sector activity declined dramatically in February. While the drop in manufacturing is comparable to the start of the global financial crisis, the decline in services appears larger this time-reflecting the large impact of social distancing,
2449 tentative signs that growth may be stabilising
2450 severe uncertainty about the duration and intensity of the shock
2451 The magnitude is unlike anything experienced in our lifetimes,
2452 We see India recovering. There is a significant recovery coming in in the next fiscal year. There is a fair amount of monetary stimulus in the system, corporate tax cuts are also there -- these should help with recovery in growth,
2453 too late to stop the current surplus.
2454 We ran during the Second World War a budget deficit in excess of 20% of GDP five years in a row.
2455 Now is not a time to be squeamish about public sector debt,
2456 I think there will inevitably be some scarring effect here that will persist for a while but hopefully relatively small,
2457 Without these certificate of need regulations, we would have more beds and more supply in order to help critically ill patients get over this disease,
2458 In the past few years the big four Australian banks made $20 billion revenue per year in New Zealand. According to their books, about a quarter of their revenue - $5b - was pure profit. We mustn't forget that New Zealand has historically been home to the most profitable banking system in the world. ANZ, Westpac, ASB, and BNZ have made a mint off us and our mahi.
2459 It needs to get to the people, because the people who need it, a large portion of our distribution is seniors, and they're not supposed to get out, go around and go shopping,
2460 Keeping your policy path more accommodative... is appropriate,
2461 I just caution that you don't want to over-react to volatility in the markets if you're a monetary policymaker,
2462 should be open-minded to reassess their view of the economy on the basis of all the information provided, including those of participants in the financial markets.
2463 You're a central bank. You should be representing the public,
2464 Sadly, I then started to develop bald patches,
2465 Slack remains one of the fastest growing companies in our coverage, with a large market opportunity and, we believe, well-positioned as a next-gen software platform that strengthens the digital transformation journey that organizations are undertaking
2466 Social care faces a big hit, unless it gets a big infusion of much-needed government funding that will allow it to increase wages and training budgets,
2467 really shouldn't be worried
2468 Some games were really good for bonding them, some were really good for them learning about each other, some were good for testing who's a catfish, some could have been more divisive,
2469 It was the same system [ from the U.K. show so that ] we knew what things were working, which cast was popping. We were making story decisions as we cut it; we could change the game or move elements of the game around as the story developed.
2470 strong commitment and your strong leadership
2471 Our operational readiness is intact, despite the fact that we have modified some exercises.
2472 It is not a decision taken neither by the global coalition nor NATO. But all allies are concerned about Iran's destabilizing activities in the region.
2473 NATO currently has around 16,000 troops in Afghanistan and we are ready to adjust that force if the Taliban is able to demonstrate the will and the ability to reduce violence and we see a path to peace,
2474 The road to peace will be long and hard and there will be setbacks, and there is a risk always for spoilers,
2475 We will look at what more needs to be done to improve the readiness of our forces. To move them rapidly, and to sustain them,
2476 The new ideas we are losing today could show up as fewer new products in 2021 and beyond, lowering long-run growth.
2477 A nice girl smiles and waves and says `thank you. '
2478 It's for the recipe. I'm happy to switch,
2479 I'm fairly certain he knew how I would feel about it, though. Let me just say that the definition of the toxic male privilege in our industry is people saying, `Well, he's always been nice to me' when I'm raising valid concerns about artists and their rights to own their music. Of course he's nice to you. If you're in this room you have something he needs.
2480 Ambassador Shringla soon after arrival had to become India's Sir Thomas More, a `Man for all Seasons,' and dealt with many issues -- from pride to stress to argument -- crammed into one short year with goodness, grace and honesty, rather than traditional non-committal diplomacy,
2481 But as a large-scale permanent program it would be very difficult to finance.
2482 We didn't need this data,
2483 But there's just absolutely no way anyone should risk having the symptoms I've had. Even though I've not needed hospital, it's been really unpleasant and scary. People should be following whatever government advice they can to avoid this, and to avoid the possibility of giving someone else symptoms like mine.
2484 CAA is an Act to correct our betrayal of those Hindus, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists and Parsis who on assurance stayed back (in those countries). The BJP government kept that promise. How can you find fault with us for keeping a promise which was made by Mahatma Gandhi and several leaders afterwards,
2485 Air India disinvestment process restarts today. THIS DEAL IS WHOLLY ANTI NATIONAL and I WILL FORCED TO GO TO COURT. WE cannot SELL OUR FAMILY SILVER (sic).
2486 For a change I am on the side of Rajnikant on the E. V. R. Naicker 1971 rally issue of parading Ram and Sita in a derogatory. This is a fact and Cho had published it in Thuglak. If the cine actor stays firm I will back him in courts if he wants (sic),
2487 in UP we suddenly talked of Uttarakhand; in Bihar of Jharkhand, in M.P. of Chhatisgarh
2488 This is mostly because there are areas where private sectors cannot meet India's aspirations... There are certain sectors that can be explored and developed by PSUs only,
2489 I wish I was wrong, but that fear of losing the country is deep and very emotional, on both sides,
2490 By contrast, this year, 4% of Americans name the economy and 2% mention unemployment as the nation's top problem,
2491 This is the strongest economy in all of our lives that we're having right now,
2492 Trump's not out of the woods,
2493 Now more than ever -- a short stay goes a long way, so I encourage people get out and visit these communities.
2494 Bendigo is renowned for putting on a great show and we can't wait to see what White Night 2020 has in store.
2495 The relationship is very strong but there will nevertheless be delicate conversations, I don't propose to conduct those conversations in the public domain,
2496 We know that one of the biggest challenges for local businesses is breaking into new or expanding supply chains and that's why we're making sure there are opportunities for everyone to be part of North East Link.
2497 the pace of change and potential for disruption
2498 this is weak praise, given that the very existence and function of the Fed is a destructive influence on the U.S. and global economy.
2499 We didn't handle the transition to the Euro well,
2500 But a more significant impact cannot be ruled out,
2501 GDP growth is at an 11-year low. Private consumption is at a seven-year low. Investment is at a 17-year low. Manufacturing is at a 15-year low. Agriculture is at a four-year low. But none of these areas were addressed in the budget,
2502 Devolution to Bengal has been reduced in the revised estimate of the Union budget to Rs 48,048 crore from the budget estimate of Rs 59,260 crore,
2503 it is a classic example of arguing against a caricature instead of confronting the argument actually made.
2504 More people are looking at doing things on their own, by themselves,
2505 This is a virus. It's not a storm or an earthquake or hurricane. We have plenty.... We are at the start of the peak of this outbreak, so we have time,
2506 The biggest challenge when it comes to plastics in the food industry is packaging, by far,
2507 The growth is actually quite interesting, but we're not entirely convinced it's sustainable,
2508 In Canada, we have a voluntary (GMO) labelling policy,
2509 We know that by middle school, more boys than girls want to lead and if you ask girls why they don't want to lead... they don't want to be called bossy, and they don't want to be disliked. We call girls bossy on the playground. We call them too aggressive or other B-words in the workplace. They're bossy as little girls, and then they're aggressive, political, shrill, too ambitious as women.
2510 They normally have 80-100 volunteers on any given day,
2511 Engaged!!! Tom Bernthal, you are my everything. I could not love you more,
2512 ... we want to make sure the entire experience is right across the board before we go deeper and go broader.
2513 Teams across our company are working every day to help businesses. We're looking at additional ways to host virtual training -- and will have more to share in the coming weeks -- and we're finding more ways to help people connect and learn to use technology through Blueprint, our free e-learning training programme,
2514 cash grants and ad credits to help during this challenging time,
2515 We had a very small business,
2516 How do we provide a great service, and how do we prevent some of the harm?
2517 part of me wanted the fairy tale
2518 we will see a contraction that is unprecedented since the Great Depression of the 1930s
2519 Fair Play in Foul Weather
2520 If Dr. Shelton comes onto the board of governors and just represents a different point of view, there is no harm to it and possibly some good,
2521 Its purpose was to put a monkey wrench in the works, which it did,
2522 My paycheck pays my rent and all my bills,
2523 M.M.T. has been invoked so many times by completely mainstream people and politicians,
2524 the health of our planet plays a super important role in spreading or containing what we refer to as Zoonotic diseases.
2525 In supporting countries to build circularity into their economies, PACE can play a powerful role in advancing the climate, biodiversity and resource efficiency with both scale and speed.
2526 And as we hurtle towards a population of 10 billion people on this planet, we need to go into this future armed with nature as our strongest ally.
2527 These are hard and challenging transformations, and those joint customers really benefit from the expertise of partners,
2528 There is no doubt that the measures that we put in place are beginning to have an impact,
2529 I always thought that if we got hit it would be a shock to aggregate demand, and that is what I think it is,
2530 we will deploy a broader set of tools proactively to provide accommodation when shocks are likely to push the policy rate to its lower bound.
2531 really driven not so much by an outlook for the U.S. economy, but globally.
2532 I do feel that in a multi-identity, complex country (like India), expression of dissent is an essential part of democracy. To my knowledge, everyone recognises this. And if that's not happening, then we should worry.
2533 Populism, in the sense of saying `Not a job, but I'm giving you benefits' , is unsustainable because it is unaffordable. It will see government borrowing excessively... It's just not viable to ignore economic policy, rely on populism,
2534 changed the nature of the discourse on India's economic policy by legitimising the goal of moving towards a less-controlled economy with a much greater role for the private sector
2535 I'm never going to have anyone work for me and worry about their job based on what's happening in the economy.
2536 In oil, natural gas and renewable energy, the projection is rising and will keep increasing to a great extent. At the same time, the soaring output is putting downward pressure on prices,
2537 I would like to thank Minister Altmaier for his collaborative spirit and commitment to building a secure and sustainable energy future. It is my hope that this report will help Germany as it undertakes this very important energy transition,
2538 We think this debate needs to be taken in a cool-headed manner. This calls for a grand coalition that brings together all the stakeholders that have a genuine commitment to reducing emissions -- governments, industry, financial institutions, international organizations and civil society. Without this grand coalition, it will be very difficult to address this challenge.
2539 demand will go up significantly in the next years to come
2540 We need to build a grand collation and work together with all countries and stakeholder of the world. Cooperation between IEA and IRENA will be key in this regard.
2541 Mr Speaker, the Bank of Ghana is in the process of finalizing their financial statements for 2019. Further details of the cost of the currency management will be provided in the bank's financial statements,
2542 On the one hand I want my hotel full, on the other hand I don't. The faster we get rid of this virus the better,
2543 We are thrilled about the chance to be part of this unique mixed-use contribution to downtown Iowa City,
2544 To apply a short-term reimbursement model to long-term care
2545 seeing the tardiness of the government's response to the economy
2546 In an ideal world you'd just freeze the economy where it was at March 1, with unemployment at 5.1% and GDP growth at 2.1%, and flick the switch back on when the virus is behind us, but of course we can't do that,
2547 shows the great confidence that the world financial market has in the Israeli economy.
2548 The Federal Government has a duty to protect the most vulnerable among us -- especially with regard to our youth. By abdicating its responsibility to protect LGBTQ Americans from discrimination in accessing critical programs, HHS commits a grave violation against the people it exists to serve,
2549 There's a problem that's decades in the making and decades in the solving, and... when interest rates are low, as they are today, the cost of not acting is pretty modest. And so it might be that, until interest rates start inflecting upward, that it's difficult to garner support for the difficult decisions involved.... I worry about a crisis -- again, not today, not even within our 10 years, but over the oncoming decades, there could be slower-moving negative impacts if interest rates move up some -- not to a crisis, but some -- inflation moves up, the fiscal space... diminishes, that would have a slower-moving but certainly negative impact on the nation.
2550 At that point, debt would be higher as a percentage of GDP than at any point since just after World War II and more than double what it has averaged over the past 50 years,
2551 consolidate the efforts of all stakeholders to raise the quality of education in the country.
2552 Si Kennon, ang Haring Leon,
2553 We would like to recommend (the resumption of classes) in areas that are not affected,
2554 We don't want to sacrifice or disrupt the children's classes because the school buildings are their home,
2555 As I said earlier, it was a bit of an insult to Bicolanos to say that there are 70,000 illiterates walking around in Bicol. I don't think that's totally accurate because we're looking at different levels,
2556 ECB Banking Supervision is considering a range of options, such as enhancing the possible role of group support agreements for subsidiaries in banking group's recovery plans,
2557 For 2020 the EBF believes that listed banks should not accrue dividends or undertake share buybacks so as to maintain maximum capital preservation and bank Boards will be deciding on dividend policy and any distribution amounts at year-end,
2558 Energy use went up in lockstep with economic growth in America for more than a century and a half, from 1800 to 1970. Then the increase in energy use slowed down, and then it turned negative -- even as the economy kept growing. Over the last decade, we've gotten more economic output from less energy. Greenhouse gas emissions have gone down even more quickly than has total energy use. This is largely because we have in recent years been using less coal to generate electricity and more natural gas, which produces 50 -- 60 percent less carbon per kilowatt-hour.
2559 The world's most intelligent, ambitious, and tenacious people in this field want to come to America to build their lives and careers and we put [ these ] Kafka-esque barriers
2560 For example, there's a chapter on cross-border data flow and there's a stronger chapter on intellectual property rights protection, and on environmental issues and labor issues.
2561 the value added between Canada and the US, on one hand, and Mexico on the other.
2562 It was one of the greatest gifts of my life to get to work with my woman @_kristydawndinsmore over the past two years on #vikings I love this character and everything you bring to it. CONGRATULATIONS Baby!
2563 Once you get into this world, it's murky -- nothing is clear cut and the truth is almost impossible to know with certainty,
2564 Some remarkable work has been done in a very short period of time,
2565 I feel fine and very fortunate to have this behind us,
2566 It gave me an opportunity to do something which I think all of us need to do more, and which I came to understand and appreciate is absolutely essential to what the Ed School does for so many professionals: and that was to reflect on my own practice as a university president.
2567 They're protecting their brands through philanthropy.
2568 YMCA Indian Students' Hostel, London. January, 2020. Celebrating where we first met December 31, 1972
2569 As the pruning cycle was thrown out of gear, so was the quality and the production as well. This led to a loss of quality which has been affecting prices very badly and they is down by almost 20-25 per cent now. This year, however, we expect prices to rebound,
2570 However, we are hopeful that an early decision will be taken by the Bengal government,
2571 You go to the supermarket and you have a plan, but the supermarket also has a plan,
2572 When we think about the state of the world, it is very clear that the state of the world is not where we would like it to be,
2573 Congress has no choice but to pass the House bill, or something like it, and then immediately start work on a * much * bigger bill to push cash at small/medium-sized businesses, the self-employed, and households.
2574 But the weekly level is still almost unfathomable high.
2575 On the face of it, this looks like an inconsequential, uninteresting payroll report. But nothing could be further from the truth; we can't stress enough that three straight months of substantial overshoots against the surveys means that the surveys are wrong; labour demand remains strong enough to continue pushing down the unemployment rate.
2576 For me country comes first, national security and national interest above issues like jobs, education and health. If country is not safe, what will happen to other issues,
2577 had we not suffered supply disruptions in the commodity sector
2578 The resumption of large infrastructure projects, namely Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) 2, Pan Borneo Highway and Light Rail Transit (LRT) 3, Gemas-Johor Bahru Double-Track Project and East Coast Rail Link (ECRL), is also anticipated to contribute around one percentage point to the growth,
2579 Our community hospital paired a suite of virtual reality experiences -- which can reduce apprehension and panic during withdrawal -- with a traditional medication-assisted detox program for patients suffering from substance abuse.
2580 The most important thing you can do for the economy is slow the virus or show it has a lower bound,
2581 To ensure positive global futures, we need to achieve more sustainable patterns of production and land use, and reform economic and financial systems to incentivise nature-based decision making.
2582 We are delighted to have an individual with Jennifer's depth and breadth of experience join us and boost our external communications efforts and enhance the visibility of our investment teams. In this newly created position Jennifer will be an excellent addition to our team,
2583 We have learned a lot in the past decade doing this work and look forward to sharing the knowledge we have gained with our Colorado community and institutions across the country,
2584 We realised that the foundation for the CAA was laid long before it was enacted,
2585 You should give people guidance on how to have sex less dangerously.
2586 Because of these Boeing problems and now because of the China virus, it's really questionable how well future hard or soft data is going to measure the underlying health of the U.S. manufacturing industry,
2587 show that Trump's China hard line is working.
2588 China later this month will for sure. People expect them to cut their loan prime rate by more than 10 basis points. Yesterday, they cut the 7-day repo rate by 10 basis points,
2589 Continuing to serve and delight customers by bringing new and innovative digital solutions to market is key to accelerating our growth
2590 extremely badly on the government
2591 see me having been in the last Labour government as a problem
2592 He followed her to her lawyer and shoved her lawyer who in turn called the prosecutor. Isabelle filed a complaint and the prosecutor was informed in person but nothing was done,
2593 If ever there was a time for a CEO and Board to be held accountable, it is now.
2594 could present an excellent synergistic acquisition opportunity
2595 If you can avoid insolvencies of companies, the banks are safe,
2596 One more time, come on!
2597 strong attendance and occupancy levels.
2598 That's when I realized filmmaking was such a positive creative outlet that people can use to express important things about their identity, their lives and communities,
2599 The point is to move fast,
2600 Like everyone else around the world, we have been deeply concerned by the evolving situation of the Coronavirus and the human tragedy surrounding it. Given growing health concerns related to the virus, the Management of the IMF and World Bank Group and their Executive Boards have agreed to implement a joint plan to adapt the 2020 IMF-World Bank Spring Meetings to a virtual format,
2601 The speed of the decline in the stock market is historic,
2602 tells you how serious they are about trying to stabilize things.
2603 But really it's only a down payment.
2604 All of the last decade in job gains will be undone in four weeks, which is a truly stunning statistic,
2605 They need to go big, and they need to go now,
2606 We're recording this on March 16th,
2607 The only chance you have of making it shorter and less severe is out of the gate. The real chance you have is before it starts,
2608 We commend the efforts of governments and we are keen to partner and contribute our resources to the collective effort, that will ensure the response to the pandemic is swift and effective,
2609 We should also be sober about the limitations of the legislation,
2610 the socialist on the Seattle City Council,
2611 There's never been a more important time for workers to organize than right now,
2612 Oil's breakout looks to have further to run,
2613 she has the best chance of winning against Trump.
2614 The economic policy conditions would not be as strict as with classic aid loans,
2615 we acted decisively but the fiscal policy should be first in combating the crisis,
2616 If it comes to an epidemic in Germany then... direct economic effects are to be expected,
2617 The Fed does have some scope -- but it will provide a little bit of support to consumer spending and to the U.S. economy and for financial markets.
2618 This is a huge, unprecedented, devastating hit and my hope is that we will get back to business as usual as quickly as possible,
2619 They are very vulnerable to losing their job and getting sick.
2620 It's to draw the parallels between the '30s and '40s in Europe,'70s in New York, in America at the time, especially what's going on today,
2621 is not only dangerous foolishness & caricature. It also welcomes future deniers. We honor the victims by preserving factual accuracy.
2622 Scenes like that were incredibly necessary to motivate and help the audience understand why our hunters are doing what they're doing.
2623 means that [ the ] U.K.'s monitoring is to be mainly in respect of more serious COVID-19 cases.
2624 Pandemics -- Lessons Looking Back from 2050
2625 We hope that this temporary measure will also support airlines' ability to again compete with each other on these routes once the pandemic crisis has passed.
2626 Most of the time what was highlighted wasn't the cheapest hotel deal, and therefore, consumers lost out.
2627 You might have a manufacturing company, manufacturing some good like pasta or rice, and previously they did it with just one shift,
2628 It is very important [ that ] consumers receive accurate advice to guide their decisions,
2629 not easy to show there's been a breach of law by closing down a business they own
2630 The ACCC remains disappointed by this outcome, which has closed the door on what we consider was a once in a generation chance for increased competition in the highly concentrated mobile telecommunications market,
2631 Trivago makes its money by the commissions paid by those advertising on its website,
2632 This inquiry will allow the ACCC to assess whether these advertising and ad tech markets are operating effectively and, importantly, gauge whether they are working well for a range of different stakeholders,
2633 I think we'll have a few consumer guarantee issues,
2634 If they don't, we'll start calling them out.
2635 Was that right? Almost certainly not. But we are where we are.
2636 These new laws will enable us to take electricity companies to court if we have evidence that they are engaging in prohibited conduct in breach of these new provisions,
2637 I told him [ Erdoan ] `that you can't achieve anything by submerging meat in bleach as far as I know, but I'll check it out anyway,
2638 It is impressive to see diversification of Namibian trade with China. We are very happy to have our meat access that market,
2639 Letter from Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman to Elizabeth Warren on her Wealth Tax Proposal,
2640 Our primary goal at UR Medicine is to provide the very best quality of care in an environment that is safe for everyone. To protect our patients, their loved ones, and our caregivers, we must manage their exposure to any illnesses that are easily spread.
2641 There was a lot of red tape but a lot of people cooperated,
2642 Trump has extracted some concessions from China and other US trading partners but at a significant cost to the US economy and with an erosion of the US' international standing as a trustworthy and reliable trading partner.
2643 whose very existence is threatened
2644 insufficient capacity within the Coast Guard
2645 We want to restore money and encourage projects to get people on the playing field,
2646 held to discuss the future of women's soccer.
2647 But gradually we got all the parties on side and we introduced life-saving legislation.
2648 Those are the questions I suffer through daily.
2649 buying gift certificates or prepaying for services to the restaurants, bars, and other physical businesses you normally frequent,
2650 What I'm watching closely is the government's response. The risk is that we do too little, not that we do too much. And unfortunately it's more likely that we do too little. If we want the economy to spring back when the pandemic subsides we need bold fiscal policy efforts now.
2651 I think that it's actually a very exciting time in sponsorship,
2652 We have also submitted a proposal to the local authority to trial a rail-seating area within the stadium. Our belief is that the introduction of rail seating would enhance spectator safety in areas of the stadium where, as with other clubs, we have seen examples of persistent standing. We hope to have news on our application soon.
2653 increased eminence into additional resources.
2654 The entire Governing Council agrees on this,
2655 claims and accusations that have no basis
2656 The last quarter is very crucial for all businesses in India,
2657 We must build back better, by ensuring that we are climate-conscious in rebuilding and by leveraging the digital economy.
2658 The economic costs of the Pandemic have been harsher than the direct impact of the COVID-19. Across the continent, all economies are suffering from the sudden shock to the economies. The physical distancing needed to manage the pandemic is suffocating and drowning economic activity,
2659 But they have decidedly not helped during these last two years.
2660 But what we show is that there is a very, very robust correlation.
2661 Clear the Air: Australian Climate Action Summit 2020
2662 Eventually we will return to full employment, but some jobs lost will never return,
2663 Locally, buyers look for value, features, current decor, large yards, nearby amenities such as trails or parks and anything that makes life more enjoyable for their family and pets,
2664 We are stepping into a vital new phase for the Partnership and I have no doubt we will come through it stronger.
2665 We call them her miracles. I raised her to be proud of what she can do and to give back.
2666 no appreciable safety benefit.
2667 Have you asked health insurers and employers to remove financial barriers to coronavirus screenings?
2668 New NAFTA adds stronger language to ensure that the obligations of all three countries under multilateral environmental agreements, including the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol, can be fully enforced,
2669 Regulating here is not the preferred option, but it is a fallback option if we don't see the required change,
2670 At some point, the virus will be contained and the Australian economy will recover. In the interim, a priority for the Reserve Bank is to support jobs, incomes and businesses, so that when the health crisis recedes, the country is well placed to recover strongly.
2671 It is still too early to tell but the impact is going to be large,
2672 Really nothing is off the table,
2673 The board is prepared to ease monetary policy further to support the Australian economy.
2674 What we are focusing on is jobs, cash flow and investment.
2675 We are clearly living in extraordinary and challenging times,
2676 major disruptions to economic activity across the world
2677 Given what we know at the moment, I think that is true.
2678 The first customer at my register read it and wrote down on the small white board `It must be hard with everyone wearing masks! Thank you for your help, '
2679 Think of the poor countries that already start with a paucity of ventilators and are dealing with the same crisis,
2680 We have a financial system that is impaired. I have always maintained that we need to clean it up so that it can function as necessary. The problem now is that the RBI can't provide credit support to businesses,
2681 This will allow Chair [ Jerome ] Powell to utilize his board members more fully and effectively.
2682 go deeper down the credit curve,
2683 You don't have to worry that someone's gon na come arrest you for reading the cards,
2684 A rate cut of 25 basis points in early 2020 is the likely scenario.
2685 It is good to see first-time buyers slowly stepping into the market,
2686 From this perspective, the market looks on the expensive side, but not inordinately so,
2687 Music has always been one of my life's greatest passions, and with this new venture I want to ultimately provide world-class entertainment and develop worldwide artists,
2688 a deep recession is inevitable,
2689 can't run out of dollars
2690 It's about incorporating this new technology into learning, but also showing and creating links to future careers and industries in this area.
2691 Relatively speaking, Democrats are now the pro-trade party,
2692 Normally you'd lose half a million people every month for six months. This time you might lose one million a week for three weeks,
2693 If things go right it'll be the most rapid recovery we've seen,
2694 My local burrito shop, which used to be a thriving business, could go belly-up any day now,
2695 This is, of course, a small example of an adjustment that succeeded in enabling important business activity while taking the characteristics of the ultra-Orthodox community into account. Such adjustments, which recognize and respect the ultra-Orthodox lifestyle, will help the process of integration into the economy succeed.
2696 If the demographic trends are maintained and ultra-Orthodox participation in the labor market remains as it is today, maintaining tax revenues as a share of GDP will require a 16% increase in direct taxes in 2018 terms,
2697 excessive appreciation of the shekel, by purchasing foreign exchange whenever necessary
2698 an opportunity... to understand how to do capitalism differently
2699 and we thought we could manage it a little better. We've got a lot of work to do. We're not winning, and the record is the record, so we just have to keep plugging away.
2700 Australians have a lot more debt now and are paying off a lot more,
2701 For Indonesia we are going to concentrate on our domestic sources of growth,
2702 This is the time for fiscal policy to take on more lifting to keep the economy sustained and to even boost more domestic consumer confidence,
2703 support for business activity from the informal sector to micro, small and medium enterprises and the business world... because this is related to layoffs and social repercussions
2704 The bottom line is that our hedging strategy worked,
2705 In addition to residential land sales, HHC has a significant, under-appreciated profit opportunity in the commercial development of its MPCs [ master planned communities ]. As MPCs reach a tipping point of residential density, demand arises for retail, office, multi-family and hospitality development in HHC-owned MPC town centers. Over time, the stable and recurring real estate cash flows (net operating income or NOI) from these properties will represent a growing percentage of HHC's value.
2706 the pressures on mental health and fears about domestic abuse that have risen during the lockdown
2707 China has built a huge logistics-transport logistics - which is like harbours, shipping lanes, airplanes, that actually are able to move all of those goods in and out of China
2708 Ever since my teen years I fancied Sci-Fi novels. My uncle gifted me this book called `The Restaurant at the End of the Universe' when I turned 12. It was this comic science fiction book that blew my mind and cracked me up at the same time,
2709 With this study, we thought we could establish insider trading. This turned out not to be the case, and hence the content on insider trading was removed in subsequent versions. The version online has since been updated.
2710 Gefahren einer Inflation sehe ich derzeit nicht
2711 It's not like it plunges and then it recovers quickly,
2712 so we have no degree of freedom. There are so few nursing staff to begin with that losing nurses is a big deal in terms of the care of the patients.
2713 And someone, who later became an editor of articles I published, called me `boy.
2714 fifth era of the modern media business.
2715 I feel most days like Cassandra, you know?
2716 I was surprised by the gap between economic research and policy.
2717 So much management theorizing comes and goes. They're fads,
2718 There just aren't enough [ vouchers ] to go around,
2719 How are you going to heat your house and do your cooking without natural gas? The answer to that question is at considerable expense.
2720 Immigrants don't need to worry about the way this thing may affect their chances of becoming a legal permanent resident, as unemployment benefits are exempted from the public charge rule,
2721 It was just two old friends and things had gone too far. Both of us realised it wasn't a good idea and we parted good friends.
2722 there was no policy like that
2723 For about six hours I feared that my short bureaucratic career was over,
2724 I say she wasn't there.
2725 The country's foreign exchange reserves are adequate to meet dollar liquidity,
2726 They will just hopefully return, and that lost business is not recoverable.
2727 When I was at my most unwell I felt everyone ran a mile,
2728 When there is a crisis like this of this magnitude, what happens is a lot of companies are in trouble,
2729 African leaders are showing the will to make things work, in the same way that they have been facing corruption head-on, something that you've never heard of before -- making it the theme of the African Union (AU) for 2018 to talk about fighting corruption to bring about transformation. We need to recognize that those are steps in the right direction to bring about transformation,
2730 Even if it stopped today,
2731 Jobs are not just the source of money,
2732 After the gilded age came the progressive era, and we made real changes and we got things back on the rails. Maybe there'll be another progressive era. Maybe?
2733 Employers contributions are wage costs,
2734 rather maliciously, even fraudulently
2735 Relative to where things were three or four years ago, things have cooled off a little.
2736 This is the largest step toward a centrally planned economy the U.S. has ever taken. And it socializes only losses. Profits, when they come, remain private.
2737 We will have a signing ceremony this week and then we will announce who the leaders of this alliance will be. But do not worry UTM will be there forever,
2738 You have to ask yourself why people keep having kids if it doesn't make you happy. The evidence appears to be that they are expensive and parents struggle with their finances.
2739 Ceteris paribus, a typical individual's well-being reaches its minimum -- on both sides of the Atlantic and for both males and females -- in middle age,
2740 If copyright issues continue to annoy foreign companies,
2741 Implementation of prudent macroeconomic policies and structural reforms that lower costs and increase investment, potential growth and job creation remains urgent,
2742 That's why the platforms should come together and develop shared, clear, consistent, enforceable rules to protect voters from becoming easy marks for disinformation campaigns.
2743 We have been placed in a challenging operational situation where the airline cannot continue with its global operations as a result of these restrictions on anyone who has visited China. If we continue operations, the significant numbers of crew who would have travelled to China, would be limited to operate on certain flights, reducing our operational effectiveness. We will immediately resume our operations to China once the governmental restrictions are lifted.
2744 I feel it was not money laundering, and was prepared to convince the Swiss authorities that it is KWAP [ Retirement Fund Inc ] money. However, Najib did not agree to this,
2745 I think that the Magnitsky Act is just in its infancy.
2746 The bet is far from won, both on the British side and that of the Union. The most probable remains that Brexit is only a station on the Way of the Cross of European decline,
2747 The U.S. has gotten very stingy on giving support to people who aren't working,
2748 We are providing a broader platform to facilitate payments services in Nigeria and across Africa, by harnessing our significantly enhanced digital technology capabilities,
2749 When we're dealing with a situation like we are now, the first order of business is to bring our 189 member countries to address not just the current moment of stabilizing the patient, but also setting the stage for the recovery,
2750 At the broadest level, they need to focus on providing all-out support, especially in countries with significant amounts of fiscal and monetary space,
2751 If you don't have something, you press a button.
2752 Some argue that SDRs may drive IMF conditionality out of business,
2753 The impact could be far-reaching if the crisis prolongs,
2754 Why again are we paying 78 grand a year?
2755 I've served 11 years already,
2756 Official estimates place annual average GDP growth between 2011-12 and 2016-17 at about 7 per cent. We estimate that actual growth may have been about 4.5 per cent with a 95 per cent confidence interval of 3.5 to 5.5 per cent,
2757 Rate cuts will not prevent the spread of the virus or offset the immediate economic costs of containment measures.
2758 The Calgary market is now assessed as having a low degree of overall vulnerability; however, moderate evidence of overbuilding continued to be signalled due to elevated inventories of new homes,
2759 The outbreak of the pandemic together with the measures taken by governments around the world to contain the spread are quickly dragging the world economy into a recession,
2760 I don't see anything in the economic data that says we better buckle our seat belts,
2761 I think it did get there if you look at the screens, but it would have to have been a pretty quick party,
2762 recovery is in the eye of the beholder
2763 So that there won't be any ambiguity,
2764 We were already discussing the use of fiscal weaponry before the coronavirus exploded, and the fiscal weaponry is very, very important. I am happy to see that in the US, the House of Representatives has decided to embark on some action precisely to deal with the coronavirus. I would say that in Europe, it's absolutely necessary, also because there is some room.
2765 We've got 18 inch brickwork downstairs with 9 inch brickwork upstairs. I've been in plenty of hotels but I can't recall a first floor having brick walls,
2766 As we continue to work on making UW -- Madison more welcoming and inclusive, it is important to acknowledge where we've been and to recognize those alumni whose efforts and activism brought real change to our campus,
2767 But don't simultaneously pretend that that's a route toward affordability. Affordability is created by mass-produced cheap housing or mass-produced cheap commercial space. And you might not like it aesthetically, but that is the affordable route.
2768 In the 1960s and earlier,
2769 I still feel that this is still critical to the safety of our community and that there is no reason why we would not take action,
2770 It makes clear that moving away from social distancing has not only substantial health costs, but also economic costs,
2771 The idea of `Banao Buses' has first been implemented in Maharashtra. After being launched in Worli, the bus was in Navi Mumbai and will return to Worli for the Innovation Carnival,
2772 These small and medium-sized firms are often crucial links in the supply chain. If these links are broken, it will be much more difficult to recover from a recession,
2773 They enhance it, they dress it up and they make fighting germs fun.
2774 What is now more important is for the regulator to carefully assess the books of all banks to ensure that their number of bad loans aren't excessive and plan for further deterioration with prudent recapitalization programs.
2775 You can't use BARRA or some other risk system and expect this scenario to come out of it. No one thought in our lifetime we would see this,
2776 Apartheid was a system that deprived people of opportunity simply based on race.
2777 reaped at least $US490 million from a spinoff of Lands' End that did not benefit Sears.
2778 When it comes to hospital data, it's even less refined
2779 can expect similarly tough scrutiny.
2780 Considering the difficulty of identifying the truly needy and the problems inherent in trying to do so, sending every American a $1,000 check asap would be a good start,
2781 From my standpoint, the debt and deficits today are less worrisome than they were three or four years ago,
2782 It's not okay to `tough it out, '
2783 Our focus is on their health and safety and doing what we can to combat the spread of the virus. Some things are bigger than the game of hockey.
2784 humiliated, made to raise their hands and walk like criminals.
2785 It's not that we had to reinvent the wheel,
2786 Stock market drops like this are very scary and make a lot of consumers, whether they own a lot of stock or not, rather cautious,
2787 Coming out of the pandemic, middle-class voters may be more aware of scary scenarios that we may never have experienced,
2788 It's a state-managed and state-run economy that makes it very vulnerable.
2789 His sense was that from the graduate students' point of view, they had been lied to.
2790 Students are allowed to wear masks inside classrooms if they are unwell or as a precautionary measure.
2791 That one of our experts, Dr. Susan Wilcox, leapt into action during the biggest public health crisis in a century to bring a course on the use of mechanical ventilators to medical professionals worldwide is testament not only to the skill but also to the commitment and dedication of Boston's best.
2792 The awareness sparked by this film and the work of the Equal Justice Initiative, including the participation here tonight of Mr. Stevenson, Prof. Gates and Rev. Sharpton, is part of a much larger dialogue about criminal justice reform in America.
2793 The South African budget was more redistributive than the budget in other middle-income economies (such as Chile, Brazil, and Argentina, although it was less redistributive than the budgets of advanced capitalist economies). This reflected a combination of factors on both the taxation and expenditure sides. Income tax constitutes a comparatively high proportion of total tax revenue in South Africa. On the expenditure side, the democratic South African state inherited a means-tested, noncontributory old-age pension system that had, with the deracialization of benefits (completed in 1993), become well targeted on the poor, together with an education system that may have had enduring interracial and interclass inequalities but was nonetheless less inegalitarian than in Brazil, for example (at least in terms of the number of grades completed, since secondary-school enrollment is very high among the poor in South Africa).
2794 We can't think of just surviving the storm. We must also be able to operate later,
2795 We expect the results of the placements to be more impressive (than last week). But the exact amount of the fundraising still depends on the premium that the ministry is ready to provide,
2796 As the market leader in Europe, we are committed to being the first to introduce environmental innovation and lead the way in sustainable cruising for the cruise industry. We were the first company to invest in LNG and we are currently working to develop other sustainable technologies such as battery storage, fuel cells and liquefied gas from renewable energy sources.
2797 I think that on this day of hope we should also display some confidence.
2798 People have this image of all these old people who are frustrated leaving, but actually the ones who are leaving are family age people, people 30 to 54 age group. The numbers are showing us more and more people making one hundred thousand, even two hundred thousand a year that are now leaving.
2799 Risk assets will be sold and bonds are bought, even as the dollar is dumped as the U.S. is directly involved,
2800 This study helps us understand where laws facilitate or hinder women's economic participation. It has incentivised countries to undertake reforms that can eliminate gender imbalances,
2801 At the end of the day, if we have to lay off all our early educators if the rates aren't paid, we're looking at a tough system to rebuild,
2802 Even before the [ COVID-19 ] crisis we had an investment delay in many important areas,
2803 I see the situation as a slow-moving systemic financial crisis. It is so slow-moving that you almost can watch it coming,
2804 I want to stress that these measures are not to induce anxiety or fear; rather, they are to help us cope with the current situation regarding the Coronavirus,
2805 It is the uncertainty and not knowing how long the situation will last.
2806 It was used to fund a great part of the global circuit of capital. The circuit of capital is in reverse now, and the funding currency is being bought back,
2807 It is this discrepancy that may help explain why the cross-currency basis swaps look so distorted now.
2808 The UK and EU have not begun the formal negotiation process of trade talks, but both sides appear to be doing their best to antagonise the other,
2809 Weaker activity in Q4 19 saw the central bank soften its neutral stance. Still, it does not seem particularly close to cutting rates. Investors seem to favor a cut near mid-year at Governor Poloz's last meeting,
2810 Preparing for pandemics, wars, climate crises and other out-of-the-box events is precisely why open-ended deficit spending during booms is dangerous.
2811 It  s been a good 10 years and his three years probably better than expected,
2812 technological and engineering capabilities on the back of research carried out in other nations.
2813 The changing role of central banking
2814 We met and drew up the dimensions [ of the intubation shield arch ] and played with it and thought about how we would do it. Two hours later, I believe, he had a prototype,
2815 When people fight for progressive measures they end up winning other progressive measures, as well,
2816 I think we have to fight at every inch that we have to prevent the preemption.
2817 This is hard. This is painful. And this is the time to rally together,
2818 Our goal should be to build the broadest possible grassroots struggle to win a strong Amazon Tax, without limiting ourselves to what is acceptable to the political establishment,
2819 social housing and vital services,
2820 DOT staff was directed to immediately prepare and submit for inter-agency review a draft final Regulatory Impact Analysis, which is a key document that was not included in the package DOT submitted to OMB in January,
2821 Just over a month ago, Iranians took to the streets following a sudden hike in gas prices, in what quickly turned into widespread protests against the repressive regime. Rather than seizing the moment and using that internal political pressure as leverage to bring Iran to the table for diplomatic talks, the administration continued escalations with Iran -- ultimately carrying out a strike that, for now, appears to have united moderates and hard-liners.
2822 Simply put, it makes no sense.
2823 After chemicals at the Arkema facility in Texas exploded during Hurricane Harvey because there was no electricity to keep those chemicals cold, I asked the Chemical Safety Board to investigate,
2824 The um... ahhhhm,
2825 Students accepted into these programs are given a unique opportunity to obtain an excellent education, serve their country and gain valuable leadership skills that will guide them as they become our nation's leaders of tomorrow.
2826 Moreover, environmental violations will now be treated as trade violations, so when the United States does bring cases under the new NAFTA's environmental obligations, those cases will be easier to win going forward.
2827 Gold has been severely impacted by liquidity issues, correcting by $120 (-7%) from its peak. The situation resembles 2008, when gold also failed to act as safe-haven asset initially, falling by around 20% due to dollar strength and a run into cash. In 2008, the turning point was the announcement of $600bn QE in November, following which gold began to climb despite further weakness in equities and commodities,
2828 Inflationary concerns should further support gold prices as the currency of last resort,
2829 I had said earlier the BJP was gaining in Delhi around 41 seats because Tukde Tukde gangand road blocking has overtaken poor economic performance. Now I am convinced BJP will win with 41 + seats,
2830 Some people thought he will be a better Finance Minister,
2831 There is a need to catch these people, they have gone against the long established tradition of India for the peaceful, non-violent form of protest... We have started the process of prosecuting those involved in such violence.
2832 I will file a PIL saying that there is no public interest in this privatisation.
2833 ... If we increase crop yield per year, our production will increase and we will be able to export more. The solution doesn't lie in loan waiver... we have to educate our farmers in modern ways of farming.
2834 So how to get that 3.7 per cent (efficiency factor to utilise investments). Fight corruption, second, reward those who will invest... Don't terrorise them (investors) with income tax and this GST, which is the biggest madness of the 21st century.
2835 believe the worst about Pak judging by Pakistan's track record.
2836 I will approach the court against them because this is a contempt of court,
2837 If it rebounds it can probably make up for the loss in February. If it stays low those numbers are going to compound and the situation for the global value chain is going to deteriorate even further.
2838 The impact on the automotive industry in the European Union is about $2.5 billion,
2839 It is a welcoming sign that we now have the phase-one deal, sign in terms of reducing some of the uncertainty,
2840 financial systems are more resilient now,
2841 It appears that the main reason for this slowdown was the non-banking financial institutions experiencing turbulence,
2842 Many countries are already taking unprecedented measures. We at the IMF, working with all our member countries, will do the same,
2843 We are risking to lose this momentum and even worse, reverse it,
2844 Sharing knowledge about Covid-19 enables us all to tackle the crisis more effectively.
2845 We have never seen ever such a growing demand for emergency financing,
2846 small measures now when we know that it is a gigantic crisis,
2847 We will massively step up emergency finance,
2848 We already see some tentative signs of stabilization,
2849 I want to wish everyone from China and many other Asian countries who celebrate the Lunar New Year a very healthy and prosperous New Year. It is the Year of the Rat, which symbolizes strong vitality, agility and intelligence,
2850 90 billion dollars ( 74 billion) have flown out
2851 the novel coronavirus is a new unknown we are wrestling with
2852 There is no substitute for high-quality regulation and supervision,
2853 We see impact on travel and on tourism. This in the short-term is likely to bring some slow down. In the long-term, we don't know. We have to assess how quickly action is being taken to contain the spread of Coronavirus and how effective this action is,
2854 And please keep the receipts,
2855 Its global impact would be amplified through more substantial supply chain disruptions and a more persistent drop in investor confidence, especially if the epidemic spreads beyond China.
2856 Look, Bee thoven took lessons from other composers.
2857 The first two quarters of India came in weaker than we projected. One sector where we are seeing the most stress is the financial sector -- the non-bank financial corporations. We have seen a sharp decline in credit growth and a weakened business sentiment. All this led to the revised numbers,
2858 While these are intriguing possibilities, they are improbable in the near-term,
2859 It is more than a moral argument. It is a strategic argument.
2860 So to support the recovering growth, it's important for policymakers to do no harm. Monetary policy should remain accommodative and countries that have fiscal space should use it to improve social and human capital and climate friendly infrastructure,
2861 We project global growth in 2020 to fall to -3 per cent. This is a downgrade of 6.3 percentage points from January 2020, a major revision over a very short period,
2862 The housing shortage is about densification. People go crazy over the issue, but it means less traffic. It's better for the environment. If we build more housing downtown, we don't need to build houses on hillsides.
2863 Today's economy is a Goldilocks economy. It's not too hot, not too cold,
2864 the real loser is us, the flying public
2865 The World Economic Forum, as the International Organization for Public-Private Cooperation, is delighted to welcome Kristalina Georgieva and Patrice Motsepe to its Board of Trustees. We look forward to working together to deliver positive, transformative solutions to our most critical global, regional and industry challenges,
2866 More intense and innovative use of web technologies can help public administrations modernise their structures and functions to improve overall performance... [ such as ] fostering greater transparency, accountability and engagement between the government and its citizens
2867 If I am particularly proud of something during the last 50 years, it is of having created many years ago the community of young leaders,
2868 They were human beings. We don't try to portray them as caricatures,
2869 It is inspired by true events. But it is not a documentary. And it was never purported to be.
2870 So I think you will see those different modes and that evolution throughout the series of we're in this graphic novel/superhero world, and then we're back in the past and it becomes much more sobering and somber and horrific, but in a way that, to me, is not as gratuitous and more suggestive. And that pushes against the poppiness of the 70s.
2871 How do I do so without borrowing from a real person's specific life or experience?
2872 shed light on hidden crimes, hidden truths.
2873 It was the moment consecrated in time and memory that I sought to make good on doing my parthowever big or however smallto ensure the promise of `Never Again. '
2874 It is the thing I go to sleep thinking about and the thing I wake up working to honor.
2875 The Nazis! It was so bizarre. Very strange.
2876 Under the internet's self-regulatory model, you might expect industry codes of conduct to which platforms would be held accountable with some kind of oversight or monitoring -- but that seems to have fallen apart and it's every platform for itself and no accountability.
2877 zero in on hotspots at sub-district level, such as identified urban localities, including slums, where testing needs to be focused.
2878 The government is going to repeal the Plantation Labour Act besides bringing in a new code on wages,
2879 All major countries need to participate actively. It is too late to attempt to close borders once the disease has taken hold in many other countries and a global pandemic has started.
2880 Created back in 2015 by six leading New York State distillers, this is an appellation level regulation for New York's most historically relevant spirit. In much the same way that the categories of Cognac & Champagne come with particular requirements to employ those names, Empire Rye aims to do the same for Rye Whiskey in New York.
2881 The air supply to a modern airliner is very different from a movie theater or an office building,
2882 It was for work I never did, for a patient I never heard of,
2883 I am delighted that the work of arguably the single-most influential British artist of all time will now appear on another two billion works of art - the new  20 notes that people can start using today.
2884 They are also better for the environment due to both their longevity and recyclability,
2885 Pension fund investments held by millions could be rendered worthless by climate change crisis, warns Mark Carney.
2886 Although early signs are encouraging, recoveries in UK growth and inflation are not yet assured.
2887 Once climate change becomes a clear and present danger to financial stability, it could already be too late to stabilize the atmosphere at two degrees,
2888 could become the greatest commercial opportunity of our time
2889 To be clear, these are still early days, and it is less of a case of `so far so good' than `so far, good enough' ,
2890 Upwards adjustments will be relatively modest.
2891 powerful and timely package to support UK businesses and households in order to bridge a temporary, difficult period and mitigate any longer-lasting effect on jobs, growth and the UK economy
2892 If you look at the average political science department among strong universities in the country, it's unusual to see a large [ group ] of people who play both roles -- practice and theory,
2893 tendency to lend too quickly and add to the debt problem of the countries.
2894 By 2050, one in four global consumers will be African. But Africa currently attracts less than 4% of global foreign direct investment. Strong actions from countries to improve rule of law and take on vested interests could create the right incentives to spur investment by strengthening financial systems, building confidence in financial markets, and enabling more productive private-sector activity.
2895 to respond to country requests for crisis financing of their immediate needs and also to lessen the tragic impacts of the virus,
2896 will take the hardest hit, especially ones that were already heavily indebted before the crisis,
2897 I cannot emphasise enough how urgent it is for authorities to lean forward in funding outbreak-related health spending and the need to match demand with supply of the necessary protective and treatment health products,
2898 That Mooney boy gets a pension from being hurt in the War. Don't do anything stupid to muck it all up, hear? So ya won't bring shame on my good name, unlike some in this house.
2899 It's God's day to rest, so it may as well be mine too!
2900 That's quite normal in cases where governments are successful in office-it's quite normal to revive legislation at the point at which it has reached,
2901 The passage of the bill is very welcome, despite the filibuster, the long filibuster,
2902 I don't think it's a long way away,
2903 But you can't stop them coming -- that would be absolutely wrong,
2904 The Home Office appears to be a complete mess. I've never seen anything like it before. I worry at the chaotic and destructive way the whole Government is operating... all the reports of Dominic Cummings throwing his weight around. None of this is the sign of a confident, purposeful government. It looks more like insecure and chaotic lashing out.
2905 The line between an expanding economy and recession is crossed,
2906 I think we're going to get close to the apex. This week may be the apex.
2907 When they realize their nest egg has evaporated, they'll go into panic mode and cut back on spending, and that further exacerbates the problem.
2908 Now, it's a foot away and you go,'M y God, it's really bad!
2909 I'm surprised sales weren't stronger,
2910 And on net, the proposals he put forward today are probably a wash at best. You have the benefit of some of the tax proposals washed out by the negative of the travel ban with Europe.
2911 We're trying to watch consumer spending. I think that's where it's going to show up first,
2912 We'll likely see much slower growth and recession risks will rise,
2913 The problem is that Russia messed up,
2914 would not advocate going back to a prior historical standard
2915 in favor of Wall Street and the wealthiest 1 percent.
2916 They saw the government's task to be to protect private property and that's why they wanted limited government because they knew,
2917 Rival nations are working very diligently to have an alternative to the dollar. I think it is very important that we get ahead of the curve to ensure that the dollar continues to offer the best currency in the world.
2918 Are you going to deport me? You better get me going.
2919 found that 95 percent of the people initially in the bottom 20 percent were no longer there at the end of that period.
2920 How do you decide where the line is between acceptable partisanship and too much partisanship?
2921 I think of people like Will Smith, who has a young family and just returned from serving his country,
2922 In any kind of a crisis, public health or not,
2923 unsurpassed record of educational leadership,
2924 is the literal JPMorgan of the modern world,
2925 In the past four or five years it's made a significant difference, particularly when we had the collapse in oil prices back in late 2014, early 2015, and we drove interest rates back down to 0.5 per cent,
2926 You know, if President Trump were re-elected, I don't think he would suddenly change the tools of how he operates, so I think we would be in for continued uncertainty,
2927 I'm not dismissing the virus, it matters a great deal to markets. But let's face it: we were in a situation where a correction wouldn't have surprised any of us for any reason,
2928 Those matches inevitably bring higher productivity.
2929 Since expected inflation influences current wage negotiations, price setting and financial contracting for investment, it is one of the main drivers of current inflation,
2930 plenty of uncertainty remains around the implications of the US-China agreement for Canadian exports and around whether any more of the new tariffs can be rolled back.
2931 It's very confusing and scary though. I feel like I've had it 7 times the last few days then realised the house is just hot.
2932 It is gon na happen, believe you me -- it's gon na happen very fucking soon because he's greedy and he loves money and he knows that it's got to happen soon or it won't happen.
2933 Nothing worse than being late to the party,
2934 gon na happen very f *** ing soon
2935 So.. just while I'm in between having my nails done and taking my regular elocution lessons I'd like to point out AGAIN that I'm not aware of any offer for any amount of money to reform the legendary rock 'n' folk (sic) outfit Oasis,
2936 Are you at home or at the pub?
2937 f *** ing loads of activity going on
2938 It's gon na happen very fucking soon because [ Noel's ] greedy and he loves money and he knows that it's got to happen soon or it won't happen.
2939 Mark next Thursday as the maximum fear day,
2940 Whether it lasts three weeks or three months is the critical variable. Some sectors like healthcare will boom but the vast majority of the economy will be affected. So it could be a much more significant sharp recession after which, assuming the virus is conquered, there could be a very sharp recovery. The timing of this is so uncertain that predictions are almost pointless.
2941 The more successful it is in changing behaviour, the less money it brings in,
2942 very strong unity from all allies
2943 The only lasting solution to the crisis in Afghanistan is an Afghan-owned and Afghan-led peace process,
2944 There is a competition out there in so many areas, with so many different actors, but simply lamenting that we have lost our way will not provide us with a way forward,
2945 The economic rise, the military rise, provides some opportunities but also some serious challenges.
2946 The Alliance continued to deploy a Forward Presence in the Black Sea region. A multinational framework brigade for training Allies' land forces is in place in Craiova, Romania. The Alliance also invested in additional air training and air policing, and strengthened the presence of the NATO Standing Naval Forces in the Black Sea to increase interoperability and operational skills,
2947 Throughout 2019, Allies remained firm in their support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Following the unjustified use of military force by Russia against Ukrainian ships and naval personnel near the Sea of Azov and the Kerch Strait in November 2018, Allied Foreign Ministers decided in April 2019 to enhance NATO's practical support to Ukraine,
2948 Together with Europe and Canada we represent 50% of the world's military might and 50% of the world economy. Together we are strong,
2949 We need to go heavy in and train. Build everything from the ministry of defense, institutions, command and control, to train forces. NATO can do that. We already do it, but we can scale up,
2950 They don't care about the soldiers; they don't care about the military production workers who are being infected by all of this, by the way this whole system operates,
2951 to help ensure [ the Islamic State extremist group, or IS ] cannot return
2952 We've never before entered a bear market because of a viral outbreak. But if you believe we haven't hit the trough and we are in fact headed for bear territory, it's useful to look to the history of bear markets to get a sense of their duration and intensity,
2953 While the West values freedom and other human rights, Chinese people view food as their primary need because starving is a big threat and an unforgettable part of the national memory,
2954 Agriculture is the most important profession and business in the world,
2955 Thirty-nine percent of the world's stunted children and 28 percent of the world's wasted children are in Africa. They are prone to inhibited intellectual and physical growth, and sometimes even premature death,
2956 You, our Heads of State and other leaders present here today, are our elders. We are in a market place where the heads of babies are slumping. As elders, we can't let this happen. We need you, the elders, to turn the tide
2957 Sovereign funds of Africa are invested elsewhere. We need to take a decision that sovereign wealth funds, pension funds need to be invested in Africa, not elsewhere,
2958 The size of food and agriculture in Africa will rise to $1 trillion by 2030. The population of Africa, now at 1.2 billion, will double to 2.5 billion by 2050. They all must eat. And only through food and agribusiness can this be achieved,
2959 But during these times, everyone needs a safe income, without any discrimination between insured and uninsured. Regarding this, the unemployment insurance fund should be set in motion,
2960 Due to the fact that the Sochi agreement could not be fully implemented, Turkey should re-evaluate the current situation in Idlib with Russia. If need be, the Sochi agreement needs to be amended in line with the new realities in the field. A new cease-fire line should also be considered,
2961 Everyone who has a conscience should ask themselves this question: For what have you spent the 34-billion-dollar earthquake tax that you collected from this nation?
2962 GDP will almost certainly shrink this quarter as well, so Italy will technically be in a recession [ often defined as two consecutive quarters of declining GDP ]. It will probably shrink for the whole year,
2963 It will also see more investment in new technology and infrastructure,
2964 A job and wages guarantee means people can keep their jobs and small business owners can stay in business.
2965 My basic point is that this is the fourth and final year of the government; it is not for big ideas, it is for implementation,
2966 Together, they present a pool of vast insights across the real sector and a multi-disciplinary approach to exploring effective ways for the management of Ghana's FX,
2967 Our estimate is that by the end of June, 20 million people will have lost their jobs -- and I am wondering if even that is optimistic,
2968 They're more likely to be living paycheck to paycheck than anyone else, and so if their income falls, they're more likely to actually have to cut back on necessities like rent and food. So that just makes the recession deeper and longer by pulling even more economic activity out.
2969 16.8 MILLION workers have already applied for unemployment insurance and we are still in the middle of this.
2970 persistent shifts in financial market conditions can be informative,
2971 My colleagues and I do look at developments in asset markets, but never in isolation and always in the context of balancing asset market signals with complementary signals from surveys and econometric models,
2972 The data shows that women disproportionately seek jobs -- including full-time jobs -- that are more likely to mesh with family responsibilities, which, for the most part, are still greater for women than for men,
2973 the decision that led to the toxic spill was made by ABC Inc.,
2974 we have very significant issues, and the one that worries me most is weak productivity growth... We've had four or five years now where productivity growth has been very weak... in my own view it's linked to very low levels of investment relative to gross domestic product.
2975 Investment expectations are at risk of potentially weakening should the COVID19 impact extend for longer,
2976 If you took your loan out a while ago, it is worth shopping around and checking in with your lender to see if it can now give you a bigger discount,
2977 therefore judged that it was appropriate to ease monetary policy further to provide additional support to employment and economic activity
2978 The Australian dollar has been the great shock absorber for the Australian economy and I am confident it will continue to act in that way,
2979 The best response to COVID-19 remains a fiscal one, supported by liquidity measures,
2980 All these will help us to lead the processes that the Bank of Israel is planning for the financial system and the economy.
2981 And then countries like Korea, likewise.
2982 Cash, the physical object, is now potentially contagious but cash, the financial asset, is still a safe option,
2983 Lenders are working hard to get financing to all businesses who need it as quickly as possible and are using the Coronavirus Business Interruption Loan Scheme where appropriate, with some funding having already been provided under the scheme.
2984 I think there will be opportunities to use the money as creatively as businesses like, for things like more CCTV, extra lighting, street entertainment. Having that extra pot of money could be really important for Armley.
2985 significantly reduce deaths from COVID-19
2986 The act of Macron in the Church was meant for the PA and the PLO. His message was `Yad Vashem is Jewish, Jerusalem is not. '
2987 There are things we can do to open up the economy, significantly perhaps, but I don't see the economy returning to a more normal state until there's much greater confidence... that opening up the economy won't restart the crisis,
2988 the new policy tools are effective.
2989 simply use the computer to mark up the size of the account
2990 Low inflation can be dangerous,
2991 We've a lady who's wearing a diamond-encrusted Rolex watch and we say that's inconsistent with a person who is on the lowest rung of the ladder
2992 25 per cent of our exports to India is related to palm oil industry, so that will adversely affect our industry. There was no prior indication, so it was like a shock. We do hope that Indian government will reconsider its decision. We are discussing this through our diplomatic channel, if necessary we can also go through political channel,
2993 If we want to control the health care burden on the U.S. economy, then we have to control hospital prices,
2994 provide a bit of comfort to the bank that they're not going to lose everything if they take a few risks with some of their home borrowers and some of their corporate borrowers, and show a bit of compassion
2995 recent unrest in Libya has seen the country's National Oil Corporation declaring force majeure, production of about 700kb/d could be held up,
2996 Within 10 years, these low-carbon fuels would need to account for around 15per cent of overall investment in fuel supply if the world is to get on course to tackle climate change,
2997 there are few signs and symptoms of the big-scale trade in capital allocation had to put the sector on an extra sustainable path,
2998 This welcome halt in emissions growth is grounds for optimism that we can tackle the climate challenge this decade,
2999 The COVID-19 crisis is affecting a wide range of energy markets -- including coal, gas and renewables -- but its impact on oil markets is particularly severe because it is stopping people and goods from moving around, dealing a heavy blow to demand for transport fuels.
3000 Today's oil crisis is a systemic shock that threatens global economic and financial stability.
3001 Actors need to behave responsibly.
3002 As of today, around 15% of global energy-related greenhouse gas emissions come from the process of getting oil and gas out of the ground and to consumers. A large part of these emissions can be brought down relatively quickly and easily,
3003 We find only a third of people are able to say they do that.
3004 Older Australians are already very anxious about coronavirus, so to have another kind of pressure is unfair.
3005 We're going to do all our due diligence, but right now we're a very low risk area,
3006 My greatest honor in life will always be that I am Colby Cave's wife,
3007 Anant Kumar Hegde is perhaps reflecting the views of his masters. If he is not, his comments should invite the strictest possible action from his party.
3008 Delighted that Supreme Court has just given OK to reintroducing cheetah from Namibia. This was something I had initiated 10 years ago,
3009 He argued India's case with passion and eloquence. At a time when the Western powers were ruling the roost, he had the temerity and courage to take them on on his terms. But after 1957 or so, his tongue and his manner, barring occasional flashes of constructive engagement, created a negative global image for Nehru and India. For years thereafter, the ghost of Krishna Menon lingered over both the substance and style of Indian democracy-needlessly argumentative and combative. And that ghost still lingers,
3010 Let us see. Don't want to comment on judicial matters but if the situation does not turn in our favour, we will continue to sit here.
3011 Fine, I understand the emotion and sentiments. Initially (protest) in four days, five days... but after a while, I think it served the BJP's interest to keep Shaheen Bagh going, it served the communal Muslim interests to keep Shaheen Bagh going.
3012 But our projections also suggest that over the long-term, changes in fiscal policy must be made to address the budget situation.
3013 But the question is whether there are spillovers to demand, and the extent of those. They may be able to address some of the spillovers.
3014 But we don't really want to boost demand in the very short run at all, right now. We don't want United to be flying full planes. We don't want restaurants serving food to dine-in customers. We want everybody to stay in and hold on.
3015 I want to take a moment to give credit where credit is really due. My appearance here this evening was really secured 382 years ago upon the untimely demise of one of your celebrated sons, a young man who gave his books, his assets, and -- unbeknownst to him -- his name to a fledgling institution of learning in the New World.
3016 [ T ] hose values are often contested in a university,
3017 And then as students held up their signs, I said, and also, as you can see, passionate. And I said, passion is good.
3018 beautifully articulated the value of research universities when prospects are dim
3019 as the culmination of a very long process involving union struggles, worker militancy and political battles
3020 Congratulations to Regional Director May Eclar and the regional office for launching Sulong EduKalidad and this great exhibit and sharing your secrets and recipe when it comes to reading approaches,
3021 I think this is going to be larger than the Great Recession. I hope it doesn't last as long, but the magnitude of the shock is bigger.
3022 The task force report got a lot of things wrong about the SAT,
3023 But in the long term, we can't do that forever.
3024 The more you do to separate out the piece that's plausibly due to the school rather than due to [ the student ]... the less stable the measure is,
3025 in a few years we might be facing serious shortages of gas
3026 There is clear evidence that consumers pay more when markets are concentrated,
3027 This is not to say that there will not be pain points for individual consumers who were previously having problems, such as some FTTN and fixed wireless customers. And some will need assistance in remotely accessing their work systems or coming to grips with new applications,
3028 Our NBN wholesale market indicators reports continue to show a steady increase in access seekers directly connecting to the NBN, which means more competition in the retail market and more choice for Australian broadband consumers,
3029 And we don't want overseas companies coming in and buying our assets because they've got more realistic hurdle rates for their cost of capital.
3030 this will apply to loans of up to $10 million, with larger loans to be considered by individual banks on a case-by case basis
3031 We've had a lot of feedback that prices, particularly of fresh produce, have gone up,
3032 All the truculence is very unhelpful with respect to the areas of cooperation that could be there,
3033 And the economics of urban areas are increasingly being seen as central to broad economic concerns.
3034 I don't think pushing 10-year rates down from 100 basis points to 50 basis points or 20 basis points has [ a ] significant incremental effect.
3035 legacy is just as closely tied with a school's spirit and community as it is with its prestige.
3036 If it is a return to restriction, starting from a much less favorable point and much more disease spread, then the cumulative economic loss will be greatly magnified. The costs we have already borne will have been totally in vain.
3037 But certainly, unemployment could go quite a lot higher.
3038 I look forward to working with the individual and business members, the trustees and the staff team of Pilotlight, who together make up an extraordinary community of purpose.
3039 only gradually in later months,
3040 Qatar is a vibrant destination with rich offerings across culture, hospitality and retail. We are pleased to showcase the destination to newer audiences through events such as THE BIZZ AMEA Awards, which combines cutting edge services and traditional hospitality and offers an unparalleled experience. With a growing portfolio of global business events, Qatar has hosted over 500 global business events -- including conferences, congresses, and symposia, Qatar is an increasingly popular destination for those seeking rich, novel experiences rooted in tradition.
3041 Qatar Airways has already set one industry benchmark with our award-winning Business Class seat, Qsuite, now we are redefining the new standard for business class lounges. We want to ensure that the onground experience offered to our passengers matches our iconic five-star airline experience. As the first Qatar Airways lounge following this design concept, it will serve as a new standard for all our Premium Lounges going forward.
3042 In Africa, there is a big demand for air travel and today Africa is very poorly connected, so we always look at opportunities in our field to do investments similar to what we have done in the past,
3043 Since 2001, both airlines have witnessed the significant benefits codeshare cooperation have brought, providing passengers with unrivalled service and seamless connections. The expansion of codeshare cooperation between Qatar Airways and Malaysia Airlines is a natural next step in the strengthening of our partnership.
3044 response of the European Union (EU) will be absolutely critical to fight this pandemic, in the short term, and to relaunch economies afterwards
3045 The two girls are dead,
3046 The way supply shocks work is they have a negative effect on quantity and a positive effect on price,
3047 This is an extraordinary time in our world-unlike any most of us have ever lived through before - and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
3048 ... We asked our salaried employees to take a temporary 20% pay cut while preserving everyone's full benefits and keeping our 1,500 hourly workers paid through the regular season,
3049 Our commitment has been to do our best to keep all of our employees working through this very difficult situation,
3050 At the end of the day, 17 games is a lot,
3051 be paying these employees their full salaries.
3052 When we came in 2017, the asset quality reviews were clear, from the bank of Ghana as to where we are in the banking system. But the courage to make that decision [ to clean up the sector ] had not really be invoked and we went ahead to do it.
3053 Then we decided to test the market with the longest bond in Africa's history which was 41 years and amazingly, that one we took 750million dollars from that, that one had an 8-times oversubscription. This is really indicative of the confidence that the market has in how we're managing the economy and how things are going,
3054 being knocked out as a result of the spread of the coronavirus.
3055 I don't want lower orders. I want higher orders.
3056 It's about chest-thumping.
3057 People should have gold and this may be a good time to increase holdings in gold -- in fact I'm thinking that myself.
3058 From here we are less confident in emerging markets' relative outperformance and so we have reduced the size of our overweight position,
3059 This should get much more attention from policymakers. Allowed to persist this can leave scars on India's economy and polity for long years,
3060 very substantial measures to provide liquidity
3061 Not taking these measures will actually make this short term event into a much longer and deeper recession,
3062 It is more than five times as large as any tax increase enacted since. And even if it falls short of the campaign's projections, it would be the largest peacetime tax increase in American history.
3063 The BOJ won't hesitate to take additional easing steps if risks become very large and increase the chance that the momentum toward achieving its 2% price target will be lost,
3064 Japan's inflation has yet to reach our 2% target. The risk of the country slipping back into deflation has not been completely dispelled,
3065 the greenies have seen [ emission reduction and adaptation ] as in conflict and frowned on effects to adapt
3066 Morrison keeps saying it can be added to. Maybe he's already intending to top it up.
3067 The rooting average of the saplings planted on Nov. 11, 2019, is 95%,
3068 The technology is well-practiced,
3069 This is even as the Federal Government since 1998, stopped funding the agency as far as capital budget is concerned.
3070 Those familiar with me know that wherever I go, I leave very strong legacies and NIPOST won't be an exception,
3071 What about St. Louis?
3072 rightful home at Mossley Mill
3073 It will allow Indian companies to tap a new pool of investors, other than Indian investors or foreign portfolio investors, many of whom may not have come to India,
3074 Edelweiss has no relationship with Capstone Forex Pvt Ltd and all allegations of FEMA violations are false,
3075 All allegations of FEMA violations are false,
3076 Tell all Americans that you are putting us on an extended Spring Break at home with family. Keep only essential services open. The government pays wages until we reopen. No one defaults, no one forecloses.
3077 Today, we almost have as many fast food workers as manufacturing workers in the United States,
3078 If it goes into summer, all bets are off. You're looking at a supply chain disruption unlike any we've ever seen,
3079 I think that the odds of a global recession are close to 100% right now.
3080 As you know, Australia is extremely connected to China.
3081 Ofcom plays a crucial role in ensuring that people and businesses across the UK get the best from their communications services. It's a great privilege to be appointed as chief executive at a time of significant change in the sectors Ofcom regulates.
3082 Postponing COP26 is the right thing to do-public health and safety must come first now,
3083 disappointing to see the government has not increased its ambition in response to the climate crisis
3084 They're going to be furious and they're never going to watch the show again. I don't blame them for a second. I think that's great.
3085 My first single is now on Spotify and all other platforms,
3086 We are not on any preset course. We will continue to monitor external developments and how they may affect our outlook for growth and inflation.
3087 As we have a diversified economy... one sector may be more affected than another. But then again, because of the diversified nature of our economy, other factors will be able to cushion the impact of the coronavirus (Covid-19) on selected sectors of the economy,
3088 Whether pastry wares, toilet paper or flour: in recent days we've been able to assist many enterprises with logistical services,
3089 Banks should immediately cease all equity buy backs and dividends, and should be ready to suspend bonuses to a thick layer of senior and other highly remunerated staff in order to maximize their capacity to lend. If the health crisis lasts into next year, credit supply and the economy will be held back by distributions allowed during the current year,
3090 Mechanism of state fiscal management in Russia
3091 Possibly it is not very good to sing praises to one's bosses, but I think I should say a couple of words about First Deputy Prime Minister Anton Siluanov. He does a very important job. His readiness to use modern technologies to address crucial issues makes the performance of the `collective Ministry of Finance' very effective,
3092 We ask Russians to minimise travel. Limiting foreign business trips and mass events in all regions, including entertainment, sports and business events is recommended. We ask everyone to keep calm, since these are preventive measures,
3093 He's a huge professional, who proved his effectiveness in actual practice. His agency is among the leading ones.
3094 In addition, [ it is necessary ] to spend, perhaps, the money of the National Wealth Fund on investments in infrastructure projects, which are to pay back. This is so far what I consider the most important today,
3095 The global economy has become substantially more interconnected, and China plays a far greater role in global output,
3096 Ireland's open economy has helped it emerge stronger from the crisis, yet the country is very exposed to external factors. Fiscal prudence will be vital with health and pension costs set to rise just as the economy faces disruption from Brexit and a potential drop in corporate tax receipts,
3097 They are not going to investigate anything, you could have the worst ship catastrophe, no one from the Bahamas or Panama is going to come do anything,
3098 Naturally reared, climate-friendly Scotch suckler bred beef needs to be differentiated from imports and dairy beef to give consumers a clear choice. This initiative will give those farmers who want to be involved a real chance of delivering this, helping make their businesses more robust.
3099 With the current prices for energy resources, we will have a deficit of up to 1% of GDP. We estimate that it will be at 0.9% of GDP,
3100 Any progress in this would require good cooperation with the international financial institutions, the World Bank, [ the ] IMF. There's no way we could reach any understanding on this under the shadow of the SST,
3101 The world is now embracing our country, and we are happy that our prime minister visited Washington. We believe that they are going to remove all sanctions, and this will help improve our economy.
3102 Dealing with 10% occupancy in a residence hall is different than a residence hall with 100%.
3103 even in a more intense conflict.
3104 The equation is fairly simple,
3105 Factors that affect inflation remain under control as the central government and regional administrations work hand in hand to ensure the availability of the food supply,
3106 For example, a recent erroneous online message circulating in several languages around the world and purporting to be a UNICEF communication appears to indicate, among other things, that avoiding ice cream and other cold foods can help prevent the onset of the disease. This is, of course, wholly untrue,
3107 Misinformation during times of a health crisis can spread paranoia, fear and stigmatization,
3108 For us, it's very important to develop our activities in the centre of the Mediterranean area,
3109 I had all this stuff sitting in my garage, and decided to put it to use,
3110 It looks as though we are two weeks behind Italy in number of Covid-19 deaths,
3111 It puts them in a better location to interact with people coming off the cruise ships.
3112 Notwithstanding that Value Added Tax legislation provides for exempt and zero rated products to ensure affordability of basic goods and services, aggregate demand on standard rated goods has, however, shrunk mainly due to low disposable incomes,
3113 We appreciate the work that they do; teachers, nurses and everyone else. We always stand ready as Government to listen, to support them as they support the country and support their families,
3114 Zimbabwe has had no transparent and effective foreign exchange trading platform for a long time. Consequently, official rates have not been effectively determined, while a thriving parallel market has developed,
3115 The natural `mushroom' on the surface of `SARS-CoV' is in a lab genetically added/spliced/grafted onto' 2019-n-CoV' - which I have, from personal experience, called a Trojan Horse to have a friendly `handshake' , is in-fact accurate biochemically - as `receptor-binding' unlocks the human cell, and enters the human body much easier!
3116 Do they have practices and processes that really enable them to render expert advice? It's hard to tell whether their recommendations are correct or not.
3117 I learned in 1987 during the crash that the best thing to do is to just stay the course, and that over time, the stock market does reasonably well. I think the mom and pops out there who are down should be adding to positions,
3118 The central bank balance sheet could go to 200% to 300% of GDP as you see in Japan, [ where ] the central bank has a balance sheet greater than the GDP of Japan. The U.S. could have a balance sheet greater than the GDP of America. So that balance sheet on the Fed, people say `oh my God, it's at $5 trillion, that's unsustainable.' The fact is, it could go to $20 trillion, or $25 trillion,
3119 If reelected he will add more debt in 8 years than Bush & Obama did in 16. Instead of draining the swamp, he is draining the nation.
3120 I think it's a neat chance, especially if we get to go overseas, we might be able to be together.
3121 It was a joke, it was no more than that.
3122 legitimate grievance, even if it wasn't what actually happened and not what was presented at the time
3123 meaningfully higher than that of cloud overall.
3124 most sizable head count increases.
3125 It is [ the users' ] data, we need them to understand that we want them to have controls over the data.
3126 Some who were carrying handkerchiefs used them to fight the gas. The news of vandalism on the street had already spread and some students thought of closing the gate. We were locked inside. And then we saw 20 personnel entering the campus. There was no warning and a sudden crackdown. They asked me, `You want azadi?' I said, `No I want a government job' . My head was injured,
3127 To me, it feels political,
3128 also strengthened UND's relationship with the city of Grand Forks and grew internships for students throughout the community.
3129 Once the social distancing and quarantine measures are relaxed, we should see this temporary pause evaporate, and will have potential buyers return with the same enthusiasm.
3130 Still, national median home price growth is in no danger of falling due to inventory shortages and will rise by 4%. The new home construction market also looks brighter, with housing starts and new home sales set to rise 6% and 10%, respectively.
3131 registers her silent protest by meeting with the victims of the attack on JNU, even though she puts attendance at her latest movie at risk, she inspires us all to take stock of what is truly at stake,
3132 with the same overworked people, it will do too little, too late
3133 Russia systematically supports terrorism and, in violation of international sanctions, has delivered deadly weapons to Iran, trained military specialists, and it is possible that it provided direct assistance in preparing for the Jan. 8 missile attack.
3134 Since being profiled in Atul Gawande's seminal New Yorker article, `The Hot Spotters, 10 the program created by the Camden Coalition of Healthcare Providers (hereafter, the Coalition) has been a flagship example of a promising superutilizer program. The Coalition's Camden Core Model uses real-time data on hospital admissions to identify patients who are superutilizers, an approach referred to as `hotspotting.' Focusing on patients with chronic conditions and complex needs, and starting with the premise that navigation of the standard system is difficult for these patients, the program uses an intensive, face-to-face care model to engage patients and connect them with appropriate medical care, government benefits, and community services, with the aim of improving their health and reducing unnecessary health care utilization.
3135 That it is both induced in response to infection and vital to mitochondrial integrity is exciting, considering that HIV and herpes alter mitochondria during infection.
3136 The drive for tech decoupling has increased demand for Chinese start-ups,
3137 The FBI numbers are inflated and need to be deflated essentially to estimate the approximate number of actual sales,
3138 The number of reported confirmed US cases rose by only 8.4% yesterday, well below the prior trend, about 13%, but we are very suspicious of Sunday data. Reported case growth was well below trend last Sunday too. A rebound in reported cases today seems a good bet,
3139 A 30% leap in multi-family starts, to a 33-year high, propelled the headline starts number, but single-family starts were strong too, up 11%. The much warmer-than-usual December weather likely boosted activity, but these are nonetheless very startling numbers, which will lift forecasts for Q4 residential investment,
3140 It won't prevent the economy slowing if the Covid-19 virus takes hold in the U.S., but it will ease the cost of working capital for businesses if demand falters or supply chains lengthen, and it signals to markets that the Fed has their backs.
3141 In the goods sector, the appearance of normal temperatures, after a run of mild months, hit the construction sector, and manufacturing shed jobs too. But these losses were trivial in the bigger picture. For April, we think payrolls will drop by 14-to-17mln, driving the unemployment rate to 12-to-14%. Note that the survey response rates were much lower than usual, so the payroll number could be revised substantially. Again, though, any March revisions will be nothing compared to the April collapse,
3142 We know that we can keep paying our employees, paying our contractors, we know we can keep the lights on,
3143 a world leader in both innovation and creativity
3144 I think you can have it without taking yourself out of the decision,
3145 So, today we're really pleased to announce that we're hiring another thousand people in London just this year. These are highly skilled jobs to help us address the challenges of an open internet.
3146 While some factors may be out of their control, businesses focused on retaining talent can consider how they can encourage movers to settle within a commutable distance-be it through offering season ticket loans, more flexible working hours or the opportunity to work remotely.
3147 Anyone can make money in a crash; it's what they do the rest of the time that matters,
3148 was a great month for us.
3149 best chief economists... were able to combine both the intellectual and the managerial side together,
3150 FDA Prevents Import of Masks
3151 If the number of visitors decrease rather than increase, the hit to Japan's consumer industry will be quite large.
3152 laid the ground for climate change conversations today.
3153 Saving up is hard.
3154 The default state of all email services is unencrypted, unsecure and open to attack, putting crucial information at risk,
3155 The YouTube channel and interaction through Alibaba will be very important to drive engagement.
3156 And you'd have to say some of our aged care and many of our hospitals, a lot of our schools... roads and rail and all those other traditional infrastructure projects. Water is a big one. There are big projects around now to bring water down from the north.
3157 Countries such as America want the price controls on stent devices to be removed so that their companies could benefit. But we are seeing now that Indian stents are as good as the foreign ones,
3158 Depending on volume, the fulfillment of some orders may take up to three business days. A city employee will notify customers of delivery date prior to delivery.
3159 For example, workers may not be willing to sacrifice already low wages for higher health care prices that don't reflect better health care.
3160 It's antithetical to acting in accordance with any kind of professional judgment.
3161 Because of their special vulnerabilities and needs as adolescents, the use of these approaches is a cruel and harmful practice... and can have long-term deleterious consequences that are difficult to remediate,
3162 It's important to note that the wider effects for the UK and beyond will be very negative as import costs rise steeply and the costs of most goods climb.
3163 Not everybody that owns a pet can afford everything that goes along with a pet. We understand that pets are important for everybody's well-being and their lives so we just try to support that. Also, making sure that we're taking care of the animal in the process, so that's where the dog houses come in,
3164 Similarly, lots of companies are telling employees to work at home. Will an era of telecommuting and no rush-hour traffic finally arrive?
3165 There are many ways that government tries to shift people from the informal to the formal sectors to kick-start the economy; through entrepreneurial incubation hubs to training and internships, the study will find out if these work better for men than women,
3166 He said to me, `hey dude, let me just tell you, these discussions are real. [ Arenado ] absolutely wants out of the Colorado Rockies organization and he's made it clear to ownership, `I don't want to be here. Get me outta here, '
3167 made it somewhat easier for him to `swing for the fences.
3168 Please do not wait to act.
3169 We have a window of opportunity before the next planting season. We must act now. Flexible funding, like that of the ASTF, helps us move fast,
3170 The last that I heard, which was in the late afternoon, they were still working on the translations,
3171 Clearly some cramps are going to be put on U.S.-China trade both ways if only because China's own economic activity looks like it's set to slow significantly,
3172 That year-over-year rate of increase was slower in December than it was in January,
3173 These places are expensive. They are not affordable for students.
3174 a renegade economist focused on exploring the economic mindset needed to address the 21st century's social and ecological challenges.
3175 an even bigger, sharper shutdown
3176 Scientists are working tirelessly to develop a vaccine,
3177 The only way to reach everyone you need and get to the size you need is with some broad-based tax transfer.
3178 economy is now on a ventilator
3179 One can hope for good weather providing some relief on the agricultural front or some positive tailwinds from the global economy-however even for that, the budget's direction towards an inward-looking import substitution policy does not augur well,
3180 The fact that they are willing to bring it center-stage is commendable,
3181 There is also scientific prestige. You shouldn't underestimate professional motivation,
3182 Today, 1.36 million tests were carried out. We are among the leaders of countries who test their populations,
3183 Currently, we are researching eight drugs already registered in the Russian Federation. We will have verifiable data on their effectiveness against the novel coronavirus infection on April 10,
3184 If you were to quit your job and not pay your payroll taxes on Social Security, you're not going to get those benefits in the future as well.
3185 I'm delighted that planning permission has been granted for the first homes to be built on Homes England land at Northstowe, which is a significant step forward for the new town and an important milestone for our joint venture with Urban Splash and Sekisui House.
3186 There isn't going to be a single day when you say, right, you can all go back to work,
3187 I'm not being critical of people who have cancelled events, but I am following the science,
3188 As has previously been stated, there will not be a sharp transition between containment and delay phases. Many of the actions taken during containment will still continue in any delay phase. Responses may vary between different regions, depending on the circumstances.
3189 magical it is to be a little bit Muskoka and a little bit Toronto.
3190 Making it to the semifinalist round is an enormous accomplishment, and reflects the hard work and dedication of our students.
3191 Much higher public debt levels will become a permanent feature of our economies,
3192 And it has to be done immediately, avoiding bureaucratic delays.
3193 Our top priority during these challenging times continues to be health and safety. Our communities are working hard to prevent the spread of COVID-19, and to support these efforts, we will temporarily close all stores across the country to support social distancing efforts and based on recommendations from local health authorities,
3194 He's one of the greatest rappers from the UK, but I know he's going to be one of the greatest rappers to walk this planet,
3195 there is no confidence at all
3196 If giving people access to $10,000 is a good idea, then just give them $10,000. Don't make them rob their own super accounts. In fact, maybe they should be putting $10,000 in people's super accounts, rather than taking it out, so super funds can be buying shares, not selling them at a discount.
3197 Traditional market-oriented democracy is under threat.
3198 Stagflation is a combination of economic stagnation, recession, and high inflation,
3199 For that part of Yonge and Lawrence, a garage and private drive for that price point is virtually unheard of.
3200 We should prepare, not panic, look at facts, not fear. And some people are at fear, other people are saying `it's a hoax.' When people are dying, it's not a hoax.
3201 It was a big deal for the Fed in terms of having information about the economy when the retail sales data did not come out,
3202 That should be a moon shot on getting tests out to everybody,
3203 that the CHSRA is operating under the assumption that it will get the funding to finish the project. No one else thinks that. It really ought to operate under the assumption that it won't get that funding and figure out how most productively to use the resources it has left without hanging a giant millstone on future generations.
3204 We are watching closely as digital currencies increasingly become an area of focus around the world,
3205 flew in through the door,
3206 It's definitely going to impact us, there's no doubt about that, because we are all independent contractors,
3207 We're proud to support the Melbourne Racing Club in its efforts to deliver a great summer program of racing and entertainment while raising funds for bushfire-affected communities.
3208 There's lots of individuals who have registered but we really want businesses to sign up,
3209 All of the indications from Formula One management are that they are planning for the Grand Prix to go ahead,
3210 Furthermore, there is a `rebound effect,' as money saved on cheaper vegetarian food is spent on goods and services that cause additional greenhouse-gas emissions. Once we account for this, going entirely vegetarian reduces a person's total emissions by only 2%.
3211 If the Council of Higher Education does not stand fast against the pressure and set strict standards as to who is able to study in the separates programs, without a doubt there will be erosion, and before they notice -- most of the students there will not be Haredim,
3212 if there is no unity, protests won't work
3213 Nationalist sentiments may make a counter-claim of some kind of a secluded flourishing of science and mathematics only in their country, detached from the rest of the world and unrelated to what we can learn from others, but that is not how science and mathematics and culture ultimately proceed,
3214 It's such a good idea. She really understood the market.
3215 prestigious new UI Distinguished Professorship program
3216 Students have refused to surrender. That is why we see that authorities have become more brutal in handling them. The violence at the universities is a proof of that,
3217 worst pandemic in a century
3218 All the programmes outlined in the UTM manifesto will be implemented and will be in the alliance package to be announced soon
3219 At times, they even cashed in on the vacuum left by the US. [ In the 1990s ] as a result of the conflicts between China and the US, Boeing lost a [ huge ] contract to supply aircraft to China. The contract was awarded to Airbus instead.
3220 But we've had this big shift in what we do, and other disciplines are showing their interest.
3221 Everyone in America knows someone who is taking an expensive medicine,
3222 I think we're beginning to see an inflection away from those places.
3223 This somewhat mitigates the liability.
3224 We discussed our impending eviction when Mr Kibaki declared our title deeds as genuine,
3225 Because there's up to eight courses' worth of academic credit that's associated with the program, it had to go through their board of approval,
3226 So innovation -- the main driver of long-run U.S. growth -- has stopped.
3227 You don't know if anyone is really paying attention. In one conference call I was on, I thought the background noise I was hearing was actually a vacuum cleaner. When I asked `is somebody vacuuming,' the sound mysteriously stopped. While a video call could seem intrusive, it is essential for ensuring the attendees are paying as much attention as they would in a physical meeting.
3228 The increase in insolvencies is still partly the result of the interest rate increases that occurred during 2016 to 2018. We know that when the interest rate increases, the insolvency rate increases but there is a two to three-year lag,
3229 In terms of what governments are doing both here and south of the border, we're headed in the right direction,
3230 more widespread and draconian containment measures to deal with the spread, the emergence of strain in credit markets, and sharp tightening of financial conditions have caused us to revise down substantially our global growth forecasts in the first half of the year,
3231 But these measures will be relatively small and offer modest support to those with economic problems. They will need to be much bigger,
3232 emissions trading was an alien idea at that time... As an economist, I followed very much how the United States was developing the sulfur experiment.
3233 He was openly gay himself, but the scene was all hidden away before then. New York New York changed that big time.
3234 So if we don't see a difference, certification isn't necessarily required.
3235 The absence of a flexible mean of verifying the identity of financial services customers has therefore been a major constraint to financial inclusion and credit growth in Uganda,
3236 Why, despite advances in technology, is it so hard to deliver meaningful change in a business?
3237 Employment is going to continue to be strong. Inflation is not going to be a significant problem.
3238 Myself, my mum and our family would like to thank everyone who has helped us through this difficult time, the support has been incredible. We would also like to thank all the police officers involved in this case because without them, we don't know where we would be, they have all been amazing. But most of all we would like to thank our family liaison officers from the bottom of our hearts; they have helped us through this traumatic, horrible time in our lives and no amount of words would ever be enough in our eyes to repay them. They are a credit to Sussex Police and wonderful individuals.
3239 One might have thought that could have had negative consequences on local social capital and local development in other respects,
3240 The chairman FBR is ill and we hope he recovers quickly,
3241 The government is committed to helping the business community and the people of Pakistan,
3242 As Canada struggles with long wait times and high health-care costs, policymakers should educate themselves on the role of private insurance markets in other more successful universal health-care systems,
3243 As soon as they achieved monopoly, they said forget the rules, and they were right. Every time they were caught cheating, nothing happened because there was nowhere else to go,
3244 For a low-wage worker on half the median wage, it is 60 percent.
3245 Harvard college students will be required to move out of their Houses and First-Year dorms as soon as possible and no later than Sunday, March 15 at 5:00 p.m.
3246 The monthly data on the Chinese economy showed dramatic declines in all sectors. As a few examples, the annual drop was -14% in industrial production, -21% in retail sales and -25% in fixed asset investments for the first two months of this year.
3247 which means at that level, about half the companies can't pay their bills and half are treading water.
3248 Environmental protection can slow down infrastructure projects,
3249 Fruit and vegetables are good sources of dietary fiber, which is metabolized by the microbiota, producing short chain fatty acids, enhancing colonic health and serving to produce circulating immune cells which protect the brain from the inflammatory components of neurodegenerative diseases,
3250 The march into the sovereign ECB dictatorship seems to have been mapped out,
3251 Whilst we know that many staff are facing huge challenges, we hope these boxes will bring a few smiles and some comfort to as many staff as possible during these incredibly difficult times.
3252 do not accept the notion that an organization must put up with people who relentlessly work to kill urgency.
3253 I am looking forward to expanding the musical horizons and forge ahead in the industry.
3254 Our police -- the Gestapo? Hardly!
3255 The accuracy of those images will increase over time as more data is collected,
3256 That is a vetting process that we will manage carefully because we know that poachers and other actors with nefarious purposes will use this information to find endangered species.
3257 We must try and educate our students properly about what is the role of Supreme Court and its functioning processes, how the Election Commissions functions,
3258 While continued economic uncertainties clearly favoured hard assets, the low awareness of gold as an investible asset among the general public (outside German speaking areas) remained a key headwind.
3259 collapse in access to foreign income.
3260 Flattening the infection curve inevitably steepens the macroeconomic recession curve,
3261 I wouldn't rule out that the withdrawal from the fund in 2020 will be bigger than the deposit of fresh oil income and the fund's cash flow,
3262 The additional club space and the grounds around the site are at another whole level.
3263 The Strategic Toilet Paper Reserve removes the incentive to stockpile. It ensures that even if you see others running to the store to stockpile toilet paper, you no longer need to try to run to beat them,
3264 very hesitant to send a message that if one person shows up to Town Meeting they're making all the decisions for town.
3265 Some people think it's all just one way or the other. The important thing for people to understand is that this can be good for some people and bad for others,
3266 The set of measures adopted has been effective in relieving tensions. We believe today that these are sufficient, but we are ready to do more if needed,
3267 There is recent anecdotal evidence that protests, such as the #FridaysForFuture climate strikes of school students around the world, the Extinction Rebellion protests in the United Kingdom, and initiatives such as the Green New Deal in the United States,
3268 There's a huge concern when the leading firm in an industry such as tax software buys another firm that is competitive, particularly that's offering free tax software.
3269 They may well use a temporary tax cut as an opportunity to weaken the program's finances so that they can then push for cuts or privatization.
3270 Except for wartime expenditures during World War II there is nothing comparable to this in U.S. history,
3271 slipping into a pronounced recession cannot be prevented.
3272 He established a rotation principle that enabled economists to withdraw for some time to the Research Centre and engage in some deeper thinking or to refresh their economic knowledge. It was one of the many marks he left on the bank.
3273 That would add to inflationary pressures.
3274 The large multinationals continue to find ways to keep their taxes on their global income low,
3275 We either save avoidable lives & destroy society OR accept avoidable deaths & save society. The moral dilemma of our time,
3276 Now I've completely recovered from the disease. And my father smiled again -- something that had disappeared in my family for a long time. China and the BRI are great,
3277 This wasn't a part-time job, he wasn't chairman of the board, he was at the meetings making decisions.
3278 We had to allow for people to sleep and have their rest, so chats were regulated... we couldn't chance bugging people during their beauty sleep!
3279 It's hard to make up time in the winter,
3280 The availability of these programs are limited -- kids that attend wealthier districts have different access than kids who attend less wealthy districts,
3281 The rubbish not only blocks the waterways, it is an eyesore and will also threaten your health and the health of your children. You need to ensure that you protect your environment.
3282 A lot of attention has been paid to the lower levels of [ global ] warming because they are easier to evaluate,
3283 He returned to the state as a Jayhawk, and made Lawrence the new Speed, Kansas. As a sophomore in 1962, Sayers immediately made his varsity presence known. He rushed for 114 yards in the season opener against TCU, and at midseason, Sayers torched Oklahoma State for a Big Eight-record 283 yards on only 22 carries. He was the first FBS player with a 99-yard rush.
3284 If we're seeing more school closures that means a lot of public events and businesses are seeing big hits, and that's a bad story.
3285 It has roughly quintupled relative to the size of the economy since the 1970s, and what are we getting for that?
3286 It is the government-granted monopoly that would make a vaccine expensive, not anything inherent to the production process or the normal workings of the market.
3287 The Bay Area is in a great position as it enters the coronavirus downturn,
3288 It's business delayed, not business canceled. It's spending delayed, not spending canceled,
3289 The Reserve Bank board did not take these decisions lightly. But in the context of extraordinary times and consistent with our broad mandate to promote the economic welfare of the people of Australia, we are seeking to play our full role in building that bridge to the time when the recovery takes place.
3290 We are expecting a major hit to economic activity and incomes in Australia that will last for a number of months,
3291 China is a larger part of the global economy and more closely integrated with other economies, including Australia,
3292 flat for the next two years
3293 In most economies, including the United States, there is an expectation of further monetary stimulus over coming months.
3294 Climate change is affecting the nature of production in Australia, the nature of investment, ultimately the nature of our exports,
3295 There's been a decline in trade policy uncertainty. That decline in tensions should be positive for business investment,
3296 could spill over to the rest of the global economy,
3297 Several important companies in the U.S. were investment grade up until this crisis hit,
3298 As we enter 2020, let me emphasize that we stand ready to adjust the details of this program as appropriate and in line with our goal, which is to keep the federal funds rate in the target range desired,
3299 This is like 9/11, [ Hurricane ] Katrina and the financial crisis all condensed into one.
3300 Time and again we see the reasons for wellbeing include good social support networks, social trust, honest governments, safe environments, and healthy lives,
3301 The World Happiness Report has proven to be an indispensable tool for policymakers looking to better understand what makes people happy and thereby to promote the wellbeing of their citizenry,
3302 Until recently, the SSL space overall hasn't seen a lot of innovations. We are the first Commercial Certificate Authority to build in a whole complete platform, where SSL is just one piece of that.
3303 We must invest in skills development of Africa's youth in technology and innovation. We must embrace the Fourth Industrial Revolution and exploit emerging technologies that African entrepreneurs can leverage to transform food systems.
3304 With 12 million graduates entering the labour market each year and only three million of them finding a suitable occupation, youth unemployment has the potential to rise sharply,
3305 It is a historic day for us as a Bank. I think collectively we should be very proud of what has happened... difficultiescannot be allowed to exist forever.. because it defeats the very purpose of why we are here to serve,
3306 We have to make sure, in everything we do, that we bring about implementation faster.
3307 very proud of what Africa achieved in terms of economic growth in the past year (2019).
3308 We said that capacity is the missing link,
3309 With more than 56bp of rate cuts priced-in by year-end and equities deeply in the red following some signs of herding into momentum trades in tech stocks, the fear factor has further driven a swarm of safe-haven flows towards gold,
3310 Yes, gender equality is morally right,
3311 synchronised, or even better, coordinated measures,
3312 In the long term, we don't know. We have to assess how quickly action is being taken to contain the spread of coronavirus and how effective this action is.
3313 This is an emergency like no other,
3314 the financial sector will have to grapple with preventing the traditional type of crisis, and handle newer ones, including climate-related shocks. Think of how stranded assets can trigger unexpected loss. Some estimates suggest the potential costs of devaluing these assets range from $4 trillion to $20 trillion.
3315 Given the exceptional challenges that our member countries are facing with the COVID-19 pandemic, I am very pleased that the IMF's Executive Board has agreed to advance Geoffrey's appointment
3316 I had a productive meeting with Minister Guzmn today. The meeting was an opportunity to continue our ongoing dialogue regarding Argentina's economic program and the IMF's engagement and exchange views on the measures adopted by the authorities so far and their economic policies,
3317 We are looking at doing what we can to be helpful to Argentina. We see eye to eye on the need to restore the economy and to address the increase in poverty that has affected negatively many Argentines.
3318 The modalities of these next steps will continue to be discussed,
3319 Investors have already removed USD 83 billion from emerging markets since the beginning of the crisis, the largest capital outflow ever recorded. We are particularly concerned about low-income countries in debt distress -- an issue on which we are working closely with the World Bank,
3320 very fruitful exchange of views
3321 cause a major increase in fiscal deficits and public debt ratios
3322 That an incremental pileup of debt in a low-interest environment doesn't give us a good signal to... jump out of the boiling water.
3323 IMF stands ready to assist Lebanon. Any decisions on debt are the authorities' , to be made in consultation with their own legal and financial advisors.
3324 was a good opportunity to meet and I am very grateful to the Vatican for all the efforts that have been made for this seminar to take place.
3325 The authorities have continued their reform efforts to address Pakistan's economic challenges, but progress is being threatened by the devastating effects of the COVID-19 outbreak and the deterioration in global economic and financial conditions. Prime Minister Khan and his government have swiftly approved an economic stimulus package aimed at containing the spread of the virus and providing support to affected families and businesses. Similarly, the State Bank of Pakistan has adopted a timely set of measures, including a lowering of the policy rate, new refinancing facilities to support the flow of credit, and temporary regulatory relief measures,
3326 The faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be,
3327 synchronized or, even better, coordinated measures to protect the world economy.
3328 ready to deploy all our $1 trillion dollar lending capacity
3329 With the rental vacancy rate rock-bottom and stable, and house price inflation turning up, we expect the trend in rental inflation to rise to new cycle highs this year,
3330 Nobody trusts the numbers at this point in the U.S., because of the failure to get testing kits out,
3331 This is a seriously important development, because September's level signaled payroll growth of only about 50K, but the December reading points to 180K,
3332 But the trends are increasing, and we expect further gains this year, given the rising trend in new home sales,
3333 If past experience is any guide we should expect [ sentiment ] to fall by a further 15 to 25 points over the next couple of months,
3334 In the meantime, the numbers likely will get substantially worse.
3335 The result will be even greater dislocation for both people and businesses, some of which could have been avoided.
3336 Manufacturing is still stagnating,
3337 not a macro game-changer, but not trivial, either,
3338 a potential influence on the global economy.
3339 And we don't know how severe or how long-lasting this pandemic will be.
3340 The Fed does have some scope -- it's not a cure-all,
3341 communicate our policy intentions to the public as clearly as possible.
3342 Even where a company avoids default, highly indebted firms usually cut back a lot on investment and hiring, and that will make the recovery more difficult.
3343 accelerated, big, comprehensive and dynamic
3344 My experience is that it's very hard to invent clever new programs on the fly. You often end up with many fewer people signing up for them than you expected. Trying to be overly clever about targeting is a mistake in the midst of a crisis.
3345 During the Obama Administration we generally took a more team approach, and on fiscal issues the White House was generally in the lead,
3346 If the U.S. economy entered a recession soon and interest rates fell in line with levels seen during the moderate recessions of 1990 and 2001, yields on even longer-dated Treasury securities could fall to or below zero.
3347 Mikhail Mishustin informed the prime ministers that in order to ensure the state's security, protect people's health and prevent the spread of the coronavirus infection and in conformity with Russian laws and provisions of Russia's international agreements, the Russian government took a decision to impose temporary restrictions on entry to the country by foreign citizens and persons without citizenship from 00:00 local time on March 18, 2020 to 00:00 local time on May 1,
3348 not [ to have ] slept all night
3349 Caring for children, family, increasing their prosperity and quality of living takes priority,
3350 This will allow us to deport foreign citizens if they are found to have such a disease, and to introduce special restrictive measures, including isolation or quarantine,
3351 So I look at that and say, you know what, I'm going to allow this to go a little longer.
3352 I am skeptical that the benefits of negative interest rates would outweigh the costs in the US,
3353 We have been undershooting our inflation goal for some time, so a natural question is whether policymakers should add even further accommodation to spur a faster return of inflation to our goal. I would not favor that at this time,
3354 A patient approach to policy changes is appropriate unless there is a material change to the outlook,
3355 We need to give people money in order to enable them to survive.
3356 were subject to some moron teacher holding a ballpoint pen on its side to measure whether their skirts were 1/4 or an inch to high
3357 All public public schools where displaced learners from Region IV-A will seek to be accommodated are directed to accept the emergency transferees even with the unavailability or insufficiency of required transfer credentials,
3358 Schools were affected largely by ashfall and the affected divisions are largely in Batangas, Cavite and Laguna,
3359 not knowing how to read is different from being illiterate.
3360 The matter of utilization of schools as quarantine or isolation areas has been discussed in the [ Inter-Agency Task Force on Emerging Infectious Diseases ], and the Cabinet on decisions concerning COVID-19,
3361 Let us sit down to discuss best practices with other regions which also want to share their best practices,
3362 We have been advised to take care with exposing children to crowded places... The policy is for the temporary postponement of these activities because we'll be drawing in learners, teachers and family members from all regions for these athletic meets... and so on,
3363 We'll be having classes on Saturdays and Sundays. With due apologies to our learners and our students, but in order to have our children graduate on time, they have to comply with the requirements,
3364 black people a priori have low wealth.
3365 Both the US and Guaido have failed in their efforts to undermine Maduro's power base,
3366 potential benefits of consolidation,
3367 still poses an unreasonable risk to public safety.
3368 The catalyst needs to be seen as an honest broker who makes sure everyone will come out ahead, and has skills with financing and measurement systems,
3369 the largest deployment of US forces in Europe since the end of the Cold War
3370 The U.S. is not `leaving' Europe. The United States is actually increasing their military presence in Europe.
3371 For instance, by identifying the airlift capacity to ensure that medical supplies are delivered, coordinating on any surplus capacity or stocks and better matching requests for support with offers from Allies and partners.
3372 agreed that NATO could contribute more to regional stability and the fight against international terrorism. They also agreed to stay in close contact on the issue.
3373 A new conflict would be in no one's interest, so Iran must refrain from further violence and provocations.
3374 I welcome today's announcement that an understanding has been reached on a significant reduction of violence across Afghanistan. This could pave the way for a sustainable peace and ensure that the country is never again a safe haven for terrorists,
3375 As such, we have temporarily suspended our training on the ground,
3376 active role in promoting NATO's Open Door policy
3377 Jordan and NATO, we have been working together for more than 25 years, and we appreciate your contributions to our missions, operations in Afghanistan and Bosnia, and elsewhere, and also the fact that we are now training together, working more together. That's good for NATO, and, hopefully also good for Jordan,
3378 Because when we train and support the Afghan forces with training, but also with funding, we are helping the Afghans to send a very clear message to Taliban that they will never win on the battlefield,
3379 The last 12 years have been characterised by record numbers in jobs, but there are these other dimensions, like very, very weak real-wage growth,
3380 This outlet, while not relieving the entire pressure, does show, first, to the world that we can actually get a pipeline to the coast. And secondly, it allows us to be exposed to the higher prices in the world market than what we're seeing out of the North American market.
3381 It is an opportunity because being able to supply a better product is just a fundamental business tenant... and when it comes to the world of hydrocarbons, a better product means a lower-carbon product,
3382 are those with pre-existing health conditions: high costs, too much debt and no access to capital. Unresponsive management and lack of innovation expose additional weakness.
3383 When your opponent is down, and you've got an axe to grind, it is the time to strike,
3384 The Russians see this as an opportunity to break the back of the American oil industry because many sectors of the (U.S.) industry don't have access to capital and have a lot of debt,
3385 We have also used this platform as an avenue to create more jobs and opportunities to thousands in the state,
3386 deliberate fabrications for political purposes
3387 I pushed her on the lower back.
3388 So laugh, false Whigs, in the midst of your glee. You have not seen the last of my bonnet and me.
3389 People are dying, many more are going to die. God help us all.
3390 If you can, go home, take care of your families, God help us all.
3391 At some point, that information, that facts and that evidence will see the light of day but it won't be this day.
3392 Because anything I say about that generates headlines and headlines generally are not a good thing for due process of law.
3393 Even the most developed countries are putting together fiscal stimulus packages to avert recessions and declines in economic activity,
3394 The decline in remittances, lower FDIs and capital transfers from the GCC is a phenomenon that has been ongoing since the 1990s,
3395 Greater flexibility avoided a five-point increase in the unemployment rate during the second stage of the Great Recession [ financial crisis ], and has facilitated more intense and dynamic job creation during the recovery,
3396 I know that there are people who have looked at the webcam who hadn't thought about visiting Bognor before, but after seeing it have visited,
3397 It's become very popular across the whole world,
3398 I think everyone has responsibility, I feel tremendously responsible,
3399 I... tried a cognitive behavioral therapy technique where you write down a belief that's causing you anguish and then disprove it. I wrote, `I will never feel okay again.' Seeing those words forced me to realize that just that morning, someone had told a joke and I had laughed.
3400 The worn Silicon Valley clich that Facebook is trying to make the world a better place. But Facebook should be judged by what it does, not what it says.
3401 We need to walk into our futures on our own two feet,
3402 They have been calling their grandparents very regularly. They have been calling other adults in their life. Give everyone something they can do to help someone else,
3403 It's like we want Prince Charming on a white horse. We're taught gender stereotypes: men are supposed to sweep us off our feet. Women learn that when we speak up for ourselves, we're less likeable.
3404 implicitly threatening to SSA, or it was condescending.
3405 Observing these simple measures should keep flying safe for all.
3406 This study takes a very clever look at whether medical marijuana policy affects workers' compensation claiming behavior, an interesting proxy for the ability to work with reduced pain that this literature has not studied before.
3407 Whilst we understand that this is likely to cause disruption for you and your family, we have robust plans in place so that your child can continue their education during this time.
3408 I'd have to go with Tullamore D.E.W Irish whiskey for this one,
3409 It cuts down on a huge amount of waste in the construction process,
3410 reasonable and appropriate and we don't see a need for massive change,
3411 The alternative -- a permanent destruction of productive capacity and therefore of the fiscal base -- would be much more damaging to the economy and eventually to government credit,
3412 The cost of these guarantees should not be based on the credit risk of the company that receives them, but should be zero regardless of the cost of funding of the government that issues them,
3413 We're all a combination of our failures and our successes,
3414 I couldn't have had a better boss, he was very level-headed and soft spoken, but very businesslike,
3415 I think that does send a pretty important message about the pricing of gas in Australia,
3416 We encourage customers of Dodo, iPrimus and MyRepublic, and anyone in new housing estates with fibre broadband services in particular, to host one of our test devices.
3417 At this time, the Australian economy needs all the assistance it can get, and lower world oil prices are one of the few positives from current world events.
3418 We will continue to implement education initiatives to empower both franchisees and franchisors to effectively resolve disputes, and take strong enforcement action for significant breaches of the small business protection provisions of the CCA and the Franchising Code.
3419 We are going to closely monitor the effect of these arrangements and when it is appropriate for this authorisation to be revoked,
3420 trying to send a message that Virgin was in trouble and would not survive
3421 But once you have got a hotel you would like to stay in, ring them up,
3422 So yes, you'd want to make sure those things are reflected [ in Australian contract prices ] otherwise Australian consumers are paying for the market power of the gas providers, which have given an undertaking that they will keep prices pretty much at international levels.
3423 at least four new competition cases
3424 There are other scams where people impersonate your insurance company, your bank or the emergency funding and say... give us your bank details.
3425 if you still support Sanders over Warren, it's kind of showing your sexism.
3426 Reflecting these positive developments, I continued to judge that it was appropriate to maintain policy,
3427 Achieving net zero will require a whole economy transition -- every company, every bank, every insurer and investor will have to adjust their business models. This could turn an existential risk into the greatest opportunity of our time.
3428 will take all necessary further steps to support the UK economy
3429 steps to support the economy and financial system
3430 This is a big package -- it is a big deal,
3431 The role of `security analyst' is vastly different depending on the organization, but the title is the same.
3432 You can rest assured that we're looking at our entire approach to these issues... including around embargoed information,
3433 Like virtually everything else in the response to climate change, the development of this new sustainable finance is not moving fast enough for the world to reach net zero.
3434 mobilizing ambitious action from across the financial system needed to help achieve the 1.5 C goal of the Paris Agreement,
3435 Support for Israel has remained in the mid to high 60s, and that has not really wavered. There's always signs of alarm from people
3436 The Bank of Canada is taking concerted action to support the Canadian economy during this period of economic stress,
3437 The outbreak and its effects could be more persistent,
3438 Recovery will have a lot of pent-up characteristics to it.
3439 The idea is to make sure that economically important sectors continue to have access to funding even when the supply of credit is impaired,
3440 Governing Council stands ready to take further action.
3441 In this regard, the most recent data have been mixed, so we continue to monitor the situation closely.
3442 the expansion today we think is the most relevant data
3443 The hotspotting program evaluated by Finkelstein and colleagues was an incredibly intensive care-transition and management program, certainly one that I would have expected to improve outcomes... among medically and socially complex patients,
3444 If you think about health care interventions, almost by definition they're occurring at a time of unusually poor health or unusually high cost,
3445 These are extraordinary situations and require extraordinary solutions. And it is time to share the burden, than to pass it on,
3446 It is time to trigger demand and reduce the pain points in the economy,
3447 US will continue to be the No. 1 oil producer of the world. But, in addition to the US, we are expecting a significant amount of oil coming from offshore Brazil, Norway, Canada and Guyana,
3448 Some of the producers will see a remarkable increase in gas output. For instance, the U.S., Australia, Russia and Qatar will see an outstanding surge in gas production,
3449 Also, with their extensive know-how and deep pockets, oil and gas companies can play a crucial role in accelerating deployment of key renewable options such as offshore wind, while also enabling some key capital-intensive clean energy technologies -- such as carbon capture, utilization and storage and hydrogen -- to reach maturity,
3450 a massive supply overhang and significant demand shocks (as) the major main driver of the crisis,
3451 will definitely put downward pressure on the appetite for a cleaner energy transition.
3452 We are absolutely delighted that he will be joining us for the first half of the season as we look to compete and win matches in Division 1. Matt's ability to lead the attack and his proven ability to take wickets in English conditions make him a really exciting addition to our squad. We can't wait to welcome him back to Kent this season.
3453 To play at international level and also win seven domestic trophies as a Kent player shows that Susie is a very talented cricketer, and she will be an asset to have amongst what is still a very young and talented group in Kent Women's squad.
3454 We are in talks with them. Let's see.
3455 We like to call [ gold ] the currency of last resort,
3456 History shows that under most outcomes, gold will likely rally to well beyond current levels,
3457 The one I like right now that we are watching in the commodity market is palladium -- when palladium gets so tight that you actually start to shut down auto manufacturing.
3458 being felt through all economies
3459 But that's a medium-term issue,
3460 It may even want to reach across the political aisle to draw in members of the opposition who have had experience in previous times of great stress like the global financial crisis,
3461 When some members of the media work tirelessly to get the truth out even as their colleagues succumb to government pressure, they demonstrate what it means to be a dutiful citizen of the Republic.
3462 the best thing that governments can do is to really fight the epidemic rather than worry about stimulus measures,
3463 for those who disagree we have until July 2020 to find a solution.
3464 He put people off by speaking (arrogantly) and by his silences too,
3465 now on top of the world
3466 I have constantly held this view that if you need to accomplish something on an unnatural weather change, become a vegetarian,
3467 I really need to see an imminent and significant improvement in the UK [ economic ] data to justify waiting a little bit longer,
3468 Sterling popped to two-week highs as the odds of a local rate cut next week slipped below 50% from as high as 70% in recent days,
3469 is to provide policymakers with some idea of the costs of not intervening and allowing the various scenarios to unfold
3470 Many of them were Nazi war criminals or even Nazi leaders, and they placed them in small towns and big cities. The U.S. government whitewashed their files. The government put these Nazis at the helm of our space program, of different scientific programs and engineering programs, so that they could beat the Soviets in the arms race.
3471 This show is really a question,
3472 At 6 years old, it was really hard to understand the depths of such horror, such evil,
3473 You need storytellers and filmmakers shaping stories that are of the moment, of the time, because the moment we stop remembering, history will repeat itself.
3474 The closest thing I could relate it to was the comic books I loved and the superheroes I followed. It became the lens through which I saw the Holocaust. As I got older, I began to see the reality, the sobering truth and visceral nature of the atrocities. The show represents how I experienced these stories. It was also kind of a desire to create a sense of catharsis and wish fulfillment, to don that vigilante cape in the face of rising anti-Semitism, racism, xenophobia in the world and reclaim power.
3475 In the beginning, it feels poppy-er, it feels more fun. Slowly our characters begin to feel, `What? It shouldn't feel fun, it shouldn't feel right,' and it begins to tear at their souls. And so, we need that poppy-ness, we need that sometimes gratuity so it can slowly desaturate and become darker, more real, more urgent.
3476 In doing so, they'll begin to learn about the truth of the Holocaust and the plight of Jewish people and the plight of all `others,
3477 The violence is an arc on the show,
3478 The difference is that Thatcher had a comprehensive plan that she backed with income tax, sales tax and so many other things,
3479 In order to achieve the target by 2024, the country has to grow by 14.5 per cent per annum. In contrast, the GDP growth rate in 2019-20 is projected to grow at a mere 5 per cent.
3480 All people are not equal.
3481 multinational corporations at throwaway prices.
3482 We can offer citizenship to Musharraf because of all the information that he has,
3483 there is little evidence... that [ the UK labour market is ] anywhere close to full employment and [ hasn't ] been... since the onset of the Great Recession
3484 These institutions must be prepared to steadfastly defend the right to freedom of expression and association when things get tough.
3485 They're aware of the vote because that gets shared with them,
3486 This time it's not about war. This time it's about climate change; it's about inequality; it's about sexual assault and harassment -- it's against a whole host of structures and systems that jeopardize the possibility of a future that they believe might be far more just.
3487 constant renewal, reformation, and extension
3488 we are not incubating the SDGs fast enough,
3489 Government has reviewed upwards the subsidised price from ZW$ 50 to ZW$ 70 per 10kg of roller meal against the prevailing market price of the product.
3490 It is a global norm and we will not be the first to do that. Uniformed forces have such shops in cantonment areas as part of their service benefits.
3491 Crypto is bid. Period.
3492 During the financial crisis, the commitment to maintaining the levels caused them to buy and sell on the way up,
3493 If you have 60 per cent allocated to equities, what has changed in your long-term risk appetite because of this pandemic? Nothing. So investors should be religiously rebalancing as equities markets fall. As they recover, you should be selling and buying fixed income to bring the asset allocation back. If you don't have the liquidity to do that you're in deep trouble.
3494 Even if unemployment is generously compensated -- as it is in the $2.2 trillion bill Congress passed -- there is nothing efficient in letting the unemployment rate rise to double digits. Losing one's job is anxiety inducing. Applying for unemployment benefits is burdensome. The unemployment system risks being swamped soon by tens of millions of claims. Although some businesses may rehire their workers once the shutdown is over, others will have disappeared. When social distancing ends, millions of employer-employee relationships will have been destroyed, slowing down the recovery. In Europe, people will be able to return to work, as if they had been on a long, government-paid leave.
3495 However, this latest boost -- Americans saying now is a good time to move -- is good news. With mortgage rates low, the timing is indeed ideal for those who want to enter into homeownership and for those looking to move on to their next home.
3496 The low mortgage rates are clearly helping the market conditions,
3497 Some [ buyers ] will pull out because of the possibility of a recession,
3498 During the last recession, real estate was on wobbly ground with loose lending and too much supply,
3499 The upper-end market can expect to be softer as a result.
3500 Home prices will remain stable because of a pandemic-induced reduction in inventory coupled with less immediate concerns over foreclosures,
3501 Educating the public about the benefits and, more importantly, the responsibility of homeownership is good all around. It's good for lenders in reducing loan default rates. And it's good for consumers so they can make sounder financial decisions,
3502 It is contradictory for central banks to have `brown' [ polluting ] industries overrepresented in their portfolios on the pretext of market neutrality at the very same time that the governments they serve have signed the Paris Agreement, committing them to limit the increase in global average temperatures to below two degrees.
3503 He wanted to get Germany's best economist to work on Emu,
3504 The economy was already fragile before the outbreak and vulnerable to anything that did not stick to script,
3505 The only shot we have of heading off a recession,
3506 The difference is really in name only.
3507 Given the nation's charged politics, especially in the lead-up to the presidential election, these steps could prove difficult if not impossible for lawmakers,
3508 the decline in oil prices... was a slam dunk positive for the economy. Now it's at best a wash,
3509 the golden age of Indian mathematics,
3510 one set of freedoms -- to criticize, to publish, to vote -- are causally linked with other types of freedoms,
3511 The near-term impact is quite large,
3512 strongly hints at a rate cut at or even before the March 17-18 FOMC (Federal Open Market Committee) meeting.
3513 Our survey of the literature suggests that policies aimed at curbing emissions could trigger significant shifts and have the potential to raise welfare of current and especially future generations,
3514 probably a direct consequence of social distancing and the plunge in economic activity, and could reverse quickly if people just went back to work,
3515 This organization will manifest by saying `We don't want to be the tool of the major powers.' We will build the peace through rational policies,
3516 We view our $1 trillion capacity at the IMF as being quite substantial for dealing with this crisis. Now of course things can get much worse and we have to see what happens next,
3517 It is something we will follow and we will see what this does in our next assessment in April
3518 Once the recovery happens, and we are past the pandemic phase for advanced economies, it would be essential to undertake a broad based fiscal stimulus,
3519 The Great Lockdown is the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression, and far worse than the Global Financial Crisis [ of 2008 ],
3520 at a time of regeneration, growth and renewed optimism in Waterford
3521 actually is bringing forward something we were going to do already over a period of time
3522 I'm not going into details of exactly what they said as it's very delicate at the moment but you can take it that everybody is united in ensuring there will be a solution that is shared,
3523 Today we are delivering for all those who depend on football for their livelihood, as well as those who play, coach, volunteer, support or just love to support the game. That's a lot of people.
3524 They're taking on an association with a debt of  60 million, they're taking on a formidable challenge, but we think that their advent, which has been sought for a very long time and been resisted by the FAI for a very long time, will mean that those who are the creditors and all the stakeholders will take great encouragement and all those people who attend football every weekend will look to them as a kind of beacon of hope for football in Ireland,
3525 California customers may revolt for the same reason,
3526 Households and businesses have seen their finances deteriorate.
3527 In many respects this is worse than the global financial crisis for the emerging markets,
3528 January 1 is always on a Monday -- forever,
3529 Chinese police forcefully capture people from the street who potentially have the coronavirus,
3530 It's quite random, and it fouls up analysts.
3531 They can instead focus on some issues where they feel they will have some things to say.
3532 This crisis is much more severe for China and the rest of the world than investors have expected. First, it is not an epidemic limited to China, but a global pandemic. Second, it is far from being over. This has massive consequences, but politicians don't realize it.
3533 conduit for criminal/illegal activities.
3534 Westlake Pro is proud to be the first authorised AMS Neve demo showroom in the United States. Our fully functional AMS Neve Showroom has Dante connectivity throughout, so whether you want to hear the capabilities of the Genesys Black in stereo or Atmos, we are ready for you.
3535 You can't win. If you overdo it, you panic everybody. If you under-do it, they get complacent. You have to be careful.
3536 We just kind of retooled, re-shifted,
3537 better education, better skills, and better jobs.
3538 If Greta comes this year, she will see that we have made substantial progress,
3539 Business now has to fully embrace stakeholder capitalism, which means not only maximizing profits, but use their capabilities and resources in cooperation with governments and civil society to address the key issues of this decade. They have to actively contribute to a more cohesive and sustainable world,
3540 The response by business and government must include a concerted effort to create new pathways to socioeconomic mobility, ensuring everyone has fair opportunities for success.
3541 increasing risks to the school's reputation of exposure to China
3542 My guess is, if we have a recession, what's going to cause it is some shock that we don't know of now,
3543 The alternative, `my brand is better than your brand' competition, rarely generates growth and is so not fun,
3544 This is why you listen to your kids. Your kids know what they want in life better than you do,
3545 If the labor market is too tight, it generates inflation,
3546 I would characterize the RV industry as still doing well,
3547 to go back to that physical being together,
3548 Global governance of the diverse initiatives provides greater assurance of this outcome.
3549 If (the Liberal government) is serious about continuing `to move forward,' then it should do this,
3550 it has four big holes.
3551 economic participation without domination and humiliation.
3552 Personally, I can think of no institution in California that's had a greater impact on our past, or has a greater power to shape our future, than Berkeley has, and I take great pride in the fact that Rausser College is one of the cornerstones of this remarkable institution,
3553 The evidence is just too large and too mutually supportive to not raise alarm bells.
3554 key to the resource position of both Centre and states
3555 To think that everyone is at home doing their work and keeping their jobs is the wrong idea.
3556 There's no reason to wait a week because you can start getting those benefits as soon as possible... At a time like this, this is what those benefits are there for. People should not hesitate to apply.
3557 What happens on social media will certainly influence consumers and their priorities in the kitchen.
3558 If you actually do very well and you have an interesting brand recognition in your province, you can't easily start selling your product outside your borders,
3559 When you actually look at what went up over the last little while, wieners is actually the one item that has gone up the most, followed by corn flakes,
3560 Bailouts are different from cash checks from the government -- you can make them as conditional as you like,
3561 If the UK economy is to take advantage of the opportunities that are opening up, SMEs will be a central part of the picture. Making sure that trade agreements cater to their needs should be a top priority for Government
3562 More than 10 years since financial crisis and as a country we are still asking: is business doing its role to create a good society, good jobs and decent pay?
3563 Despite a solid performance in Waitrose, it is our third year of declining profit across the partnership as a whole,
3564 She was talking to customers and mucking in with colleagues. There was no press or PR.
3565 Pakistan and the IMF have agreed on an additional upfront financing of $1.4 billion as part of the Extended Fund Facility [ EFF ],
3566 The government has no desire or policy to keep the money that belongs to the exporters even a day longer nor do we find any reason to delay the repayment,
3567 We have minimized the government interference in the market and are reviving investment programmes,
3568 Sanders does not have updated information and should consult with experts before making public comments of this nature,
3569 stressed the need to conduct an investigation into what happened,
3570 That is a real challenge that we face with crop insurance, with disaster programs, with flood insurance programs. Are we simply allowing people to take on more risk, which is going to perpetuate this?
3571 Big business tried to buy the election last year but they failed and the people won again,
3572 Working people are facing the twin crises of coronavirus and capitalism,
3573 Declaring me absconder was unjust. I had submitted medical reports verified by UK authorities and I have also filed an application in the Supreme Court against [ accountability court ] verdict which is awaiting hearing,
3574 When the government had announced it would auction my house I had filed the petition.
3575 he generally believes he did absolutely nothing wrong. He's an ends-justifies-the-means kind of guy.
3576 industrial capitalism depended upon the exploitation and control of nature,
3577 My main point has been that the fracking/fossil fuel revolution underway in the U.S. for some time now has created for the U.S. a degree of energy independence that has largely liberated it from relying on Middle East oil -- and therefore eliminated a major reason for continued deep involvement (military or otherwise) in the region,
3578 One risk is that with the attention shifting away from fiscal stimulus, we are going to get back to dismal economic reports and the virus. On the former, we should be doing a good job in pre-educating investors of these numbers and putting them in perspective; however, there is no such pre-educating on the virus. If containment and social distancing does not produce a curve which shows [ COVID-19 ] is resolved by the summer, then economists are going to take two-quarter recession forecasts and turn them into one-year [ forecasts ]. In that case, this would not be a bottom.
3579 Pitbull reached out saying he wanted to do this track and asked if I was in and I said, `I'm in if the revenue goes to charity' and he said, `Absolutely, that's not even a question' and that's how it all started,
3580 It's exciting to once again work with UMG, my home for more than 20 years. We're looking forward to working with Sir Lucian's record-breaking and industry-leading teams.
3581 So these measures may have to be ramped up and they may have to be scaled back at various points as this virus progresses across Northern Ireland.
3582 (Petersen) is unbelievable. We started losing him off screens, or we'd double away and leave him alone.
3583 we have to dig in for the weeks and months ahead
3584 The initial story was that we will shut down the economy and restart and (all is) back to normal,
3585 This is just intended as a comfort mechanism for councillors, not out of any concern on what were voting on this evening,
3586 time of great angst and anxiety,
3587 With first flight of the production-representative aircraft, we remain on schedule for delivering MQ-9B Protector to the RAF,
3588 Our inaugural BMB event last year introduced us to 19 great companies. Four of those companies are now part of Team SkyGuardian.
3589 All European countries will need to finance huge budget deficits in a year when GDP might even fall by 5% or more. In Italy, Spain and a few other countries, the deficits may exceed 10% of GDP,
3590 I went on to work at different local firms before setting up my own joinery business in 2002.
3591 This is part of our long-term plan and vision for the stadium, which we have been working on for some time. It's been a big piece of work and a significant majority of our match-going fans backed this move to accommodate a larger atmosphere section in a previous consultation. Every fan has their own individual needs to make their matchday special and we want to ensure that there is a suitable home for everyone at Old Trafford.
3592 I would not wish to see the airline destabilised at this point in time when we are still building systems and when we have not concluded on the process of acquiring our airbuses,
3593 Inequality is neither economic nor technological; it is ideological and political,
3594 Instagram is great, Facebook is not that great.... Political ad spending is good but we've got the hot-red button there in payment significant opportunity.... Regulatory issues are a headwind and I know that they have to spend more money to please.... It's not growing as fast and people are saying this is the slowest growth since the IPO. If we remember the IPO it was the hottest IPO pretty much ever. So, I don't want to give up on Facebook... I want to be more supportive than the market is indicating but, if you see a stock down 15% it means it's not done, it's going to keep selling.
3595 They reported feeling isolated, lonely and depressed at home. So, I fear an extended period of working from home will not only kill office productivity but is building a mental health crisis.
3596 some medical solution to the fear.
3597 wolves in charge of the hen house
3598 But once the matter went to the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM), it remained stuck there,
3599 climate change isn't contributing to these bushfires
3600 Families across the country are going online together this week, often juggling work and keeping children busy at the same time.
3601 prioritising the enforcement of broadcast standards
3602 It took a lot of time and resources,
3603 The simplest way to put the number in perspective is to compare this predicted 2090 loss with the predicted 2090 GDP [ approximately $70 trillion),... leading to the clear result predicted climate change damages in 2090 represent slightly more than 0.7 percent of U.S. GDP. Thus the damage from climate change in NCA4's worst-case scenario, according to our `best scientists and experts,' is less than 1 percent of U.S. GDP in 2090.
3604 Today's Ifo index is a painful warning against premature optimism. The German economy is in a phase of bottoming out, which could come just in time to avoid more negative spillover effects from the manufacturing weakness to the labour market. However, for the time being, the economy remains stuck at the bottom,
3605 We appeal for a financial package from the government for the tea sector to tide over this crisis and secure the employment and livelihood of 1.2 million workers employed by the sector,
3606 jinns could even report you to the schoolteachers for playing hooky!
3607 Hasir Alo: Over the last eight years, the State has achieved 99.90 per cent electrication. Besides this, the State Government is providing electricity at low cost to the poor consumers. But the poorest of the poor still find it difficult to pay their electricity bills,
3608 will be the ones that will have higher numbers of hospitalisations, higher numbers of deaths and where many of the resources should be concentrated.
3609 test many hypotheses at the same time.
3610 A bald woman can be just as beautiful as one with hair,
3611 If you sever the relationship with the employer, then you're really setting the tone with the worker to start looking for another job,
3612 One thing I can do though is make sure Evie will be wearing her favourite princess dress -- the one she wore for her 10th birthday party, and her crown and of course her bows.
3613 The whole point of local carbon policies should be to sort of spur momentum globally for reductions, and in my mind that means if there's some noise and misses around the edges of the offset world, it's kind of worth the risk if some of these things are truly leading to some momentum in clean development and other places that aren't actively pursuing climate policy,
3614 We repeatedly appealed to the finance ministry to raise pensions to at least  500 per month, but the government is more interested in pushing contributory schemes.
3615 We will use our available instruments to the fullest extent possible, including emergency financing, policy advice, and technical assistance. In particular, we have rapid financing facilities that, collectively, can help countries respond to a wide range of needs,
3616 In particular, I appreciated Penny's passion for building the institution's connection to state-of-the-art academic research and her commitment to drawing young talented economists to the Bank, an effort that will continue beyond her departure.
3617 when businesses open back up... they should be able to spend money.
3618 A more accurate and revealing headline in this case would be `Trump Doubles Down on Threats to Impose Tariffs on American Buyers of European Cars.' This candid description better draws readers' attention to the tariff's actual victims.
3619 Australia was willing... to destroy the whole [ Paris ] system
3620 I am delighted that our clients will now have the benefits of Creative Planning's distinguished approach to both planning and investment management out of their new Wichita office.
3621 If you die intestate (without a will), then your estate may be distributed differently than you would have wanted,
3622 Let me tell you this: it has been offered and he knows about it,
3623 turned down  100 million
3624 So I've had the doctor out vocal chords are inflamed he's give me a shot of cortisone reckons I should be rite for the gig tmorrow fingers crossed sorry once again to my brothers n sisters in Hamburg.
3625 once this is all over, there will be a larger role of government in this country.
3626 Outstanding contribution to Finance in Wales
3627 That correlation unfortunately became decoupled last spring following our proxy battle. However, we are pleased that thus far in 2020, our efforts through 2019 to assume control of and improve our mining operations combined with the increasing adoption of the Ethereum blockchain and increasing investor interest in cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, has resulted in similar investor interest in HIVE.
3628 The Allstar One Electric card has provided a convenient payment solution for businesses that enables them to keep their existing fleets on the road, as well as incorporate electric and hybrid vehicles into their fleets,
3629 This goes far beyond China,
3630 a concern to me that there has been thus far no similar condemnation or sense of regret expressed by the national party
3631 prominent in mainstream local politics
3632 a famous Soviet cartoon depicted the manager of a nail factory being given the Order of Lenin for exceeding his tonnage. Two giant cranes were pictured holding up one giant nail.
3633 Again and again we've had to turn people away,
3634 If you make it more unattractive to be unemployed, then there's an incentive to go look for another job faster.
3635 Investor sentiment in North America continues to lag behind its European and Asian counterparts. While still below the neutral level of 100, optimism around a workable China trade deal appears to have lifted the appetite of Asian investors,
3636 It is entirely possible that some of these alternative explanations are at least partially valid,
3637 it will be premature to give you an answer, but we are certainly moving in the right direction, and for us central bankers, it means that we were proven right to have very accommodative monetary.
3638 We have lowered our 2020 and 2021 growth forecasts to 6.0 percent and 6.2 percent (6.2 percent and 6.5 percent prior),
3639 We live in a world of Instagram, Facebook, TikTok... but someone developed those,
3640 will horizontally and vertically increase AOL's power in the market for internet online services,
3641 Being able to help and support these kids is something that we are really passionate about.
3642 We don't do these things lightly. We take a long-term approach,
3643 Our commitment has been to do our best to keep all of our employees workingthrough this very difficult situation,
3644 I explained Brexit to Trump and told him about Boris. `I'll look him up,' he said.
3645 I have been consulting for years in the health business and I wanted to bring something new and innovative to the community.
3646 Paying Not to Go the Gym.
3647 So there's a big opportunity there, as more people begin to use cloud services instead of having their own data servers... These are going to become more valuable.
3648 the rise of dispersed work and living arrangements.
3649 the shortfall in petroleum duty, shortfall in import duty and shortfalls in other tax revenue, the cost of the preparedness plan and the cost of the coronavirus alleviation programme,
3650 Yes, it can't be ruled out in the short term, but we hope that this doesn't last forever.
3651 A person on a moped delivering meals generates less revenue,
3652 As a lot of the work has been done during the lunch hour, I allowed the pupils to bring their own records in while I supplied them with a player.
3653 Backstage -- The Story Behind India's High Growth Years
3654 Buhari Administration will continue to provide an enabling environment for Nigerian Industries to operate as this will boost the economic growth and development of the country
3655 If someone gets the coronavirus, and they are out of work for two to three weeks or they are quarantined, that's a place for the government to do something,
3656 On New Year's Day, President Trump observed the 50th anniversary of NEPA with a presidential message -- but rather than actually paying tribute to the enduring legacy of this bedrock law, President Trump was merely paying lip service,
3657 Sen Kennedy's advice was `Why don't we just all go home to our home states and let people calm down and come back,
3658 I remember when Bill Clinton ran for president,
3659 The media has sensationally reported false allegations, conjecture and innuendo. Several have done so without followeing the standard, responsible practice of first speaking with Edelweiss,
3660 what the VC world will look like next time they need to raise funds,
3661 closer to what actually happens today,
3662 confident we are on the right path with Jack's leadership.
3663 have a conversation about what kind of values we want honours to objectify. What do we want them to say about Australia and the people we want to honour in modern Australia?
3664 it's important to know people will have access to their money and trading and as soon as we contain this fire we will be back to work on the floor.
3665 Let honour and humility, not greed and arrogance, define the brave new world after coronavirus is whipped, even as our casualties will be enormous during this near-Biblical war with Mother Nature,
3666 People that were bragging about not taking state aid and being independent are now themselves all over the world asking for state aid,
3667 The one billion dollar question is: how long will it last?
3668 There are currently over 80 national standards and a higher number of private and voluntary standards worldwide. However, there are just two single organic trading standards for the two major world markets for organic products (US and EU).
3669 This isn't the Black Death. Vulnerable people should be very careful. The rest? Get on with normal life,
3670 Under Trad as Treasurer, there is absolutely no intention to pay down government debt or constrain the size of the public sector,
3671 We need on-air mea culpas, not an email newsletter blaming it on Fox News.
3672 What we wanted to say was that the upcoming crisis of food insecurity could not be tackled through a lumpsum increase in traditional relief activities.
3673 Everyone here has a degree, and yet the test results aren't impressive,
3674 I think that if [ the government ] think that hotels are not going to lay off their workers because they get a cash infusion, I think they're going to be very disappointed,
3675 In the U.S., even in the 1940s, only about two-thirds of homes had indoor plumbing,
3676 Kentucky for instance, checks about 380,000 permit holders,
3677 that we've seen a significant increase in resignations, largely over LGBT issues.
3678 They simply must go. The court has found them incompetent. They have no place in... Malawi,
3679 Apart from the coronavirus threat, leaving Capital Hill open like that in such circumstances can breed theft and plunder of public resources,
3680 With help from the Federal Reserve and from the Treasury, I'm not really expecting a major financial crisis.
3681 Detailed discussions with Irish government, the SBCI and other stakeholders are taking place to ensure that this package of new measures to strengthen resilience to the virus shutdown can rapidly support sectors in Ireland most vulnerable to this unprecedented shock.
3682 His willingness to readily usher the next Head of State remains a badge of honour on his leadership as well as statesmanship credentials.
3683 However, the CPEC is a huge factor in increasing investment. Many foreign parties are coming and buying areas in the special economic zones. The first drops of rain have come,
3684 We are now in the process of arranging training sessions for them so that they can be assigned different responsibilities immediately.
3685 none [ of his clients ] do business with Arlington County.
3686 Some are calling for a full shutdown of the stock markets -- but imagine the panic if no one could sell assets. There would truly be a run on the banks. Now is not a time to panic.
3687 to reserve faculty meetings just for faculty to speak.
3688 We're literally in the firing line.
3689 It opens up a lot of opportunities to bring data to bear,
3690 Other less complex and less engaging forms of reading are unlikely to bring the same benefits for their cognitive development, and shouldn't be counted as part of their reading time. This is particularly important for low-achievers, where any association is likely to be strongest.
3691 Before he passed, uncle Bruce gave me his hot rod which I'm going to start work on now and hope to bring to Summernats next year,
3692 i love how she criticises the man's acting but compliments the woman just standing there because that's exactly how women are treated in movies/shows/life in general: give their all to have the director (or any men) say they should be sexier and smile more while men get praised for doing the bare minimum,
3693 The only point that you can make is that the problems in Yes Bank were already visible 2-3 years ago and some steps could have been taken earlier,
3694 We have to get the nation growing faster than the abysmal performance seen in recent times... Compute the implicit growth rate that will get us there. This turns out to be 10.48% or, approximately, 10.5%,
3695 A disproportionate amount of attention is going into politics,
3696 I am looking on these four days as the first four days, not the last,
3697 Care 4 animals? Why wear them?
3698 It is a place which enhances the area of the close, the life and wellbeing of the close and its residents.
3699 Surely, it is good news that US life expectancy has resumed its advance,
3700 Under new ownership, we set about building up our reputation; placing a large order for new A320neo family aircraft, which has helped boost our NPS and increase efficiency on our core point-to-point markets compared with our previous older-generation aircraft.
3701 We are pleased with the continued volume growth of the AMERIBOR cash market and futures complex. Banks and corporations can turn to the AMERIBOR Benchmark for price transparency and low volatility in rates,
3702 What coronavirus has done, it has deepened and accelerated this never-ending non-stop crisis that began in 2008.
3703 use them as he sees fit.
3704 a banana republic -- a dictatorship in all but name
3705 Faculty are the key to student success, research, scholarship, and everything we do here, and I am committed to creating an environment where they can accomplish their best work and be recognized for it.
3706 if we let a short-run downturn... morph into something more permanent, that's when you talk about depression.
3707 It's got to be one of those three.
3708 The Hindawi partnership and the Phenom system are a great match for Lithosphere. A fresh and intuitive system making use of the latest technologies to reduce demands on researchers, built for open science, with a high-quality editorial process -- all help Lithosphere to serve the community's publishing needs.
3709 The Telco industry must look at this area as lower tariff would lead to increase usage.
3710 They can play together as a team and they've got people turning up that they know fitting into that team as well, and they play together as a group. A few of them are really good,
3711 Are you a (expletive) snitch? Do you want some of this?
3712 conjure into existence, in a matter of days, a couple of trillion dollars,
3713 It's an argument for saying it shouldn't go so fast, and I hear that argument,
3714 We bought a large hedge that became much more valuable when markets declined,
3715 Everyone feels, you know, 99% I'll be okay! But it's not you; it's the person you give it to,
3716 Everyone feels, you know, 99 percent chance I'll be OK!
3717 Life wasn't always easy for him, but he looked on the sunny side.
3718 We had a couple of difficult times. Colby went up and down between the Oilers and Bakersfield, and every time (coach Dave Tippett) and (general manager Ken Holland) would talk to him he took it in such a positive way,
3719 OECD Jobs Study (1994)
3720 I remember going here on the first day it opened. You could still smell the new varnish on the bar,
3721 The big one now is does someone have a room so I can avoid living with an elderly or immuno-compromised person,
3722 The ESM was not created for this purpose and its size is not suitable either.
3723 The Seven Deadly Sins of Technology
3724 This work will help save time and money for businesses, residents, non-profits and government.
3725 He would give you the shirt off his back if he knew that would help you,
3726 No question that officials and politicians, even Republicans in the Senate, are prepared to abandon old shibboleths like `government should keep its hands off the private sector, '
3727 There will be plenty of soul searching,
3728 On one hand, if he doesn't respond to Iranian provocations he's going to risk losing weak. If he does respond he risks a war, which he knows his base doesn't want. So, I think Iran's goal is to make Trump a one-term president,
3729 Prices for virtually any health care product or service in the United States tend to be at least twice as high as those for comparable products or services in other countries,
3730 a capitalism that is inclusive, and that provides a place of opportunity for more people.
3731 All the pillars of democracy have been reduced to rubber stamps to weed out dissent. Universities across the country are under attack by those aligned to the right-wing ideology because they are leading the fight against fascism,
3732 good to keep it relatively simple
3733 almost single-handedly pulled the United States back from a near Weimar-scale financial collapse: if there were a Nobel Prize for government service, Paul Volcker's name would surely be on the shortlist.
3734 They're telling people what they want to hear.
3735 Winning three Interstate Championships in a row, and this one being in Queensland is extra special,
3736 we are in within a couple of percentage points where we are going to be.
3737 In a muster station, not good, really bad. I love you, thank you for a wonderful family and a blessed life,
3738 affected how I thought about policy and its consequences.
3739 Africa has the richest mineral deposits in the world. Congo is growing at 7%, and there's no reason why it couldn't grow at 15%
3740 Having more room to lower interest rates is a pretty powerful tool to affect the economy,
3741 I see this as a partly precautionary action for central banks to show that they are doing as much as possible to keep the wheels of the economy turning.
3742 symbolic, because it wouldn't have that much impact on companies or individuals
3743 Morrison still defending the indefensible
3744 We are intimately connected with nature, whether we like it or not. If we don't take care of nature, we can't take care of ourselves. And as we hurtle towards a population of 10billion people on this planet, we need to go into this future armed with nature as our strongest ally.
3745 All the economic ministers coming here, and the central banks, they have instruments and policy tools that they can implement and execute, including fiscal expansion if it's necessary,
3746 This is only a what-if scenario and not a projection,
3747 I'm not a cheerleader, I am countercyclical. When you're happy, I collect your taxes. But when the economy slumps, I spend. When you're gloomy, I spend.
3748 Between direct pressure, the WTO and the fact that retaliatory possibilities exist, I believe some kind of understanding will be reached. If an understanding is not reached, these are manageable scenarios
3749 In Merimbula on Friday night, evacuees were gathering at the Sapphire Club. There were about 1000 worried, but safe, people. There was an atmosphere of excitement among the sea of pillows and mattresses; it was one giant sleepover for the kids, with families and older people all bedded down on the club floor. The old adage `safety in numbers' rang true.
3750 it is going to be like the Great Depression,
3751 I've heard he's going to be a free agent, but we're not allowed to talk to him until sometime in March and we're a team now that's building. I don't know why he'd really want to come to the Dolphins. He's probably one of the fiercest competitors there is and we're at the stage with the Dolphins where we're trying to build a team for the future.
3752 spent a lot of taxpayers' monies to pay for some of these difficulties.
3753 starts to look pretty juicy,
3754 We are just again in this craziest monetary and fiscal mix in history. It's so explosive. It defies imagination,
3755 We're calling on the G20, and specifically the United States, to support the issuance and allocation of 3 trillion SDRs by the IMF,
3756 While whatever billions we're talking about is a huge number, there's no doubt about that, and it's all in the right direction but maybe it should be double that,
3757 and cannot be answered without reliable test data.
3758 essentially pulled from thin air.
3759 I was just listening to the Governor of New York the amount of cases and the lack of supplies they don't have the gowns, the masks, the ventilators I mean it's enormous and I want to prevent that from spreading here in Florida,
3760 I would encourage anyone interested in understanding the Great Depression or mid-19th century Britain to turn to Steinbeck or Dickens,
3761 The women behind Pete stood together as they have this entire campaign. And once again, their voice, their CHOICE, is erased. Really?
3762 This is the same dynamic we witnessed during the GFC,
3763 UPSC came up with no plausible reasons why it didn't recommend senior officers,
3764 We are finding that the only way that people will be able to retire without being in poverty is by expanding Social Security,
3765 We reduced the dues of foreign partners by more than 80%, which contributed to restoring confidence and was reflected positively on the increase in investments of our existing partners and the entry of new investors.
3766 It takes months to get the data that would be relevant to a call like that. But it wouldn't be a bit surprising to me.
3767 The answer for most of us is to sit tight and wait for the front-line workers and public health experts to do their job. But everyone wants to make a difference. So I decided to donate to GiveDirectly, a nonprofit organization that wires money to recipients, many of whom are suffering right now,
3768 The vibe at the recent Cubs Convention is that players are working exceptionally hard and it happened in concert with the player development, strength and conditioning staff that the Cubs have spent the past six months upgrading. Anthony Rizzo, for one, looked like he is in the best shape I remember him being in since he came to the Cubs.
3769 an awful overhang of debt
3770 at fighting poverty and enhancing the welfare of disadvantaged communities worldwide
3771 At some stage in these companies, shareholders ask, `Why do we do this, are we a charity... what's in it for us? '
3772 It is unrealistic to blame merger control as a significant cause of aborted European champions
3773 states -- can't do without them, can't do with them
3774 One lesson we learned in the last crisis was that things that sound great on paper aren't always easy to actually put in place,
3775 some way, shape for form.
3776 We need firm policy responses to stop this crisis from having long-term adverse effects. Economics alone won't get us through this.
3777 Without active MxB protein, mitochondria become nonfunctional, no longer produce energy, and kick out their DNA genome into the cytoplasm,
3778 A payroll tax cut is the politically most expedient way to shovel money to those who need it least,
3779 Our fellow countrymen, who have returned to Russia, feel good. Those individuals, who have tested positive for the novel coronavirus, have a mild form of the disease without any serious symptoms and complications. Their health and the health of their family is not under any threat,
3780 a product is not sooner created than, from that instant, [ it ] affords a market for other products.
3781 Capital recycling from sale of stores in Japan to franchisees will have assisted in maintaining first half capex at below $50 million,
3782 Currently people in financial hardship wanting to withdraw Kiwisaver may go to a local budget service to talk through options or get help completing the paperwork. The evidence is that many people do have other options. That can create a win-win-win situation -- their retirement savings aren't reduced, the Kiwisaver scheme remains strong and they are on a pathway to financial capability. We look forward to discussing with Government and Kiwisaver companies how to progress these excellent proposals
3783 It is unlikely that Saudi Arabia now would turn around and agree to the Russian proposal of extending the current cuts,
3784 NATO's core task remains to preserve the security of our almost 1 billion citizens,
3785 the road to peace will be long and hard and there will be setbacks.
3786 We stand by our NATO ally Turkey and continue to call for an immediate end to this despicable offensive by the Assad regime, Russia, and Iranian-backed forces. We are looking at options on how we can best support Turkey in this crisis.
3787 We welcome the role it plays in Ukraine and other conflict areas. These are all important issues for NATO. So you can count on our support in your role as OSCE Chair this year
3788 should never have a nuclear weapon.
3789 We will consult and discuss closely with countries in the region because if we are going to do more we are going to do that on agreement with them,
3790 called on Syria, Turkey and Russia to back United Nations (UN) efforts for a peaceful solution.
3791 We are discussing what more NATO can do,
3792 We have seen significant Russian presence in the North Sea.
3793 Some of our exercises have been modified or canceled... but our forces remain ready,
3794 It's tried and tested, we exercise it, and it's institutionalized, and it is the ultimate security guarantee for Europe,
3795 We [ NATO ] have agreed on every step. First, we all agreed, [... ] that Russia was violating the treaty. [... ] And then we agreed that we called on Russia to come back into compliance. Russia did not come back into compliance. Then we set a time limit and Russia didn't come back to the compliance. And then we all agreed on the US decision to withdraw, because a treaty which is only respected by one side doesn't work. And then we have agreed, after close consultations, on the way forward.
3796 The 2007-2008 crisis caused some lasting scarring effects on the economy. The prospect with this situation is that we will have disruption, not destruction,
3797 the catastrophic business as usual scenario
3798 We've also asked the FCA to look at this behavior of market participants relative to their responsibilities under both the FX code and the money market code.
3799 Turner's art was transformative. I am delighted that the work of arguably the single most influential British artist of all time will now appear on another 2billion works of art -- the new  20 notes that people can start using today.
3800 uncertainties over future trading relationships could remain entrenched.
3801 a different form of shock than 2008.
3802 They've jumped from towards back of the queue to the front of the queue,
3803 I'm not sure that cutting rates will help,
3804 We would like to thank the Metropolitan Police and Trading Standards for their assistance with this matter.
3805 have to explain the judgment, justify that to the people whose money it ultimately is?
3806 making the best decisions possible for the planet free from the influence of the fossil fuel industry
3807 It's absolutely clear in the data, whether both the survey data and the hard data, that it's had an impact, a notable impact, on investment and of course that flows through to productivity.
3808 overall UK activity likely stagnated in the final quarter of 2019
3809 If that does not happen, then we may need to lower interest rates to support UK growth and ensure that we return inflation to our 2 percent target sustainably.
3810 Since the Code's launch, a lot has been accomplished. It has become a benchmark for FX-related issues and has helped to improve standards of behaviour in FX markets. The GEM Governors look forward to the GFXC's review, which will help ensure the Code remains relevant and dynamic.
3811 the odds of a global recession are close to 100 percent right now
3812 the worst jobs number you ever saw,
3813 I think in the US, we're going to have a very terrible second quarter.
3814 The sector is still weak, but the disaster signalled by the ISM index looks to have been dodged,
3815 The net revision to the control measure was a hefty -0.5%, so control sales are now reported to have fallen in Q4, at a 0.3% annualized rate. That's a dramatic downshift from the 6.0% Q3 increase and the 7.9% Q2 leap, but those gains were never sustainable and a correction was inevitable.
3816 Case growth continues to slow in continental western Europe, though we're ignoring the Sunday data on grounds of unreliability. The key point for major European countries is that daily deaths are likely to be falling outright by the end of this week, following the pattern in Italy and Spain,
3817 The Tax Policy Center says that two-thirds of the gains from the tax cuts in 2018 went to the top 20 percent of the household income distribution, with the top one percent getting 21 percent of the immediate gains,
3818 We're assuming that employers over-estimated the impact of the intensification of the trade war on demand, but the persistence of soft survey data -- and, especially, the renewed downturn of the ISM non-manufacturing employment index -- is disconcerting.
3819 Total layoffs between the March and April payroll surveys look destined to reach perhaps 16 to 20 million, consistent with the unemployment rate leaping to 13 to 16 percent. In one month.
3820 We aren't holding our breath for that,
3821 We expect further gains over the next few months, with activity hitting new cycle highs in the spring.
3822 We have to expect a setback next month as demand from China drops and supply chains are interrupted,
3823 We are in daily discussions and meeting constantly, updating tracking logs to document high risk concerns,
3824 Somewhere in between is our best guess.
3825 support smooth market functioning and effective transmission of monetary policy to broader financial conditions and the economy.
3826 They are advocating something they don't have to pay the penalty for.
3827 This is an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment,
3828 It's hard enough to stay healthy for 16 games, and so I can see that side of the argument. I was trying to take in both sides as much as I could, and tried to weigh the pros and cons. At the end of the day, for the majority of the league, what we were getting in return for that 17th game, I felt more than made up for it.
3829 All things considered, I felt like the turnout was good, and I felt like the voice of league was heard,
3830 Again, there's all these tactical considerations, but at the end of the day, we're lucky enough to have a very high quality organization in place,
3831 Bulgaria as a whole stands very well. There are two banks that had some issues but they are working on them and I do not see any problems,
3832 The IMF's revamped Catastrophe Containment and Relief Trust can now provide rapid debt service relief on IMF debt obligations to more of our poorest and most vulnerable members. This will help them to channel more of their scarce financial resources to their vital emergency medical and other relief efforts,
3833 the virus will likely cut off 0.1% from global growth, and drag down growth for China's economy to 5.6%, which is 0.4% lower from its January outlook.
3834 But we expect the recovery in 2021,
3835 Inequality of opportunity. Inequality across generations. Inequality between women and men. And, of course, inequality of income and wealth. They are all present in our societies and -- unfortunately -- in many countries they are growing.
3836 Last year, we ended up with 2.9% growth. It would have been less than 2.5% which, by the judgment of the IMF, means recession, so we have avoided that,
3837 That has not happened, we have seen this week that our baseline scenario is no longer valid,
3838 marks a historic moment.
3839 ought to begin to build standards for disclosure of climate risks
3840 A trade truce is not the same as trade peace,
3841 The IMF stands ready to mobilize its $1 trillion lending capacity to help our membership,
3842 We think it is now the time to put in place precautionary measures should the outbreak become more severe,
3843 I called on member countries to help ensure that this facility is fully re-charged and ready for the current crisis,
3844 The CCRT can currently provide about US$ 500 million in grant-based debt service relief, including the recent US$ 185 million pledge by the U.K. and US$ 100 million provided by Japan as immediately available resources. Others, including China and the Netherlands, are also stepping forward with important contributions. I urge other donors to help us replenish the Trust's resources and boost further our ability to provide additional debt service relief for a full two years to our poorest member countries,
3845 In terms of scenarios, the more most likely scenario we now view is a V-shaped impact. In other words, sharp decline in economic activities in China, followed by a rapid recovery and a total impact on China relatively contained. Therefore, impact on the world economy also contained.
3846 The size matters. What matters perhaps even more is well-targeted measures,
3847 grant-based debt service relief.
3848 For now, 3.3 per cent is our forecast [ for global economic growth ]. There may be a cut of 0.1 to 0.2 per cent. But again, I wish I had the ability to look into a crystal ball. This is a particular case where I advise everybody not to jump to premature conclusions. There is still a great deal of uncertainly. We operate with scenarios [ of the virus's impact ] not yet within projections.
3849 We see impact on travel and on tourism.
3850 Good by (sic) to a dear @UNICEF colleague for many years. Dr Peter Salama was an amazing person and a relentless champion for the universal right to health for every child. He will be missed! My condolences and prayers are with her wife and children.
3851 In order to prevent a peripheral sovereign debt crisis in the eurozone associated with widening of yield spreads on these bonds, the choice made was a monetary response: the possibility for the ECB to specifically buy the government bonds of troubled countries.
3852 One of my all-time favorite novels, I'm excited to direct A WRINKLE IN TIME,
3853 signs of the second coming of Jesus.
3854 The reception for Mr. Rispoli so far has been good,
3855 There really isn't much we can do in terms of fiscal policy,
3856 To put the economy back on its feet we need a bigger plan which will include infrastructure. We have a lot more pain ahead of us.
3857 This is the Budget to boost their incomes and enhance their purchasing power
3858 We are equally conscious of the national security and the privacy issues of our fellow countrymen,
3859 The government must go for an expansionary budget,
3860 Monsanto company (now Bayer) had been charging exorbitant price of cotton seeds in the name of Bt 2 trait, exploiting our poor farmers and had collected more than Rs 7,000 crore from them, before Cotton Seeds Price (Control) Order 2015 came into being,
3861 While there is more short-term risk to HHC's business, we believe that this risk is more than compensated for by the opportunity to invest capital at the current valuation,
3862 The federal government and the U.S. Treasury have intervened in financial markets in an unprecedented fashion, and the Congress is on the brink of passing legislation which will help bridge the economy and our country's workforce and citizens during what we believe to be a temporary but massive economic shock,
3863 I am confident the president will do the right thing in temporarily shutting down the country and closing the borders.
3864 Massive stimulus is being injected globally to backfill the economy and bridge us through the crisis,
3865 One could imagine a world in the next few months where everyone is tested and all but the immune compromised go back to a socially distanced but more normal life.
3866 The crisis has also made manifestly clear the need to recapitalize Fannie and Freddie so that the private sector becomes the first loss capital in the housing finance system, which should provide even greater urgency for a recapitalization and privatization of the two companies.
3867 Without this capital, HHC would have had to mothball many of its projects.
3868 shrewdly judged protection of capital immediately following a +58% NAV year, will further enhance the fund's investment case and aid the ultimate contraction of the discount.
3869 Even fast-growing markets could be hurt and unable to further expand because of weakening affordability conditions. We must improve affordability by building more homes in line with local job market growth,
3870 The latest month's decline in housing starts is nothing to be concerned about. This housing data is quite jumpy. What is important is the trend line, which is clearly on an upward path. Higher housing permit issuances are also a positive indicator for even greater production in the months ahead.
3871 Low inventory remains a problem, with first-time buyers affected most.
3872 Events provide a tremendous boost for local communities and we want to give organisers every opportunity to draw a bumper crowd to their town,
3873 They as I understand it will this weekend -- they met last night -- will put some definition around the concept of what is a mass gathering
3874 A short visit goes a long way
3875 It will be incredibly exciting for many people who have had a really tough summer, and it recognises the outstanding efforts of our emergency services,
3876 Racing Victoria is responsible for determining the timing and location of individual race meetings,
3877 For the first time ever, I also bought some gold,
3878 This cash-burning Musk vanity project is worth vastly less than its over $130 billion enterprise value and -- thanks to nearly $30 billion in debt, purchase and lease obligations -- may eventually be worth zero,
3879 I think the most important thing will be the dispersion of views,
3880 (Job claims) tells you that government programs are too late, and companies have already reacted.
3881 It tells you about the risks if this goes on for several weeks or several months,
3882 It appears that the very people who were supposed to benefit from the Hammurabi wage and price restrictions were driven out of the market by those and other statutes.
3883 I've already noticed some items missing from shelves
3884 Dumping is easy. There's no incentive to look at other options. That's why you make it illegal... so you force stakeholders to sit down and figure out a long-term strategy.
3885 The irony of it is, it's just going to be the two of us sitting at the table. We can't have our kids and we can't have anybody here. But virtually, we could literally have up to thousands of people,
3886 There's no business if we are all dead,
3887 We continue to mark down 1H20 global GDP forecasts as our assessment of both the global pandemic's reach and the damage related to necessary containment policies has increased,
3888 However, there is a significant risk that the virus outbreak persists and activity remains restricted for a longer time.
3889 One of the consequences of the global financial crisis is that policymakers have experience in dealing with acute financial stress,
3890 Usually it is monetary easing that provides the initial line of defense in responding to an economic slowdown,
3891 During the first days, they handled slightly over 500 tests whereas now this figure is more than 12,000 daily,
3892 Now we believe that this recommendation should be considered by everyone,
3893 had to do everything it could to protect its people
3894 latent Sinophobia (anti-Chinese prejudice) among Russians.
3895 We will continue to monitor the development of the situation, expand and adjust the list of measures to support entrepreneurs,
3896 About 30 bln rubles will be additionally allocated for this,
3897 The government has to do a huge amount of work and significantly strengthen all its fields, and we have everything we need for that: approved plans, resources, targets. And work on national projects must also be intensified,
3898 It was decided to send humanitarian aid to China to fight the infection,
3899 There has never been a greater need for constructive international engagement on the continent. Besides, the global economy could reap significant rewards from positive engagement,
3900 This is not a normal recession that builds and spreads through time,
3901 As coronavirus panic buying causes a toilet-roll shortage in Australia, the first Red Cross supplies arrive in Sydney,
3902 The Staggering Rise in Jobless Claims This Week
3903 We do not want to face continued political and economic disintegration, we do not want to reach the tipping point of irreversibility on climate change and we do not want that the next generations to inherit a world which becomes ever more hostile and ever less habitable,
3904 young people have a right to be angry. They should have seats at every table
3905 Now we have recognized the urgency, because we know the window to act is closing,
3906 We need to be very careful about this. I have no problem with smart beta products based on risk premia we have known and have been tested for a long time. I do have a problem with ETFs wrapped around an academic paper published in 2015.
3907 With the confluence of systematic investment, machine learning, big data, and low-cost execution, it is just a matter of time before people figure out the algorithms that RenTech is using,
3908 What am I saying (in words or deeds) that's not being heard?
3909 But we've put all these connotations around GDP that it's not built for.
3910 He's raped, molested all these women and nothing's been done and that makes me furious.
3911 which had been suffering significant financial losses.
3912 I wanted to have 12 children but I ran out of energy,
3913 It was really a combination of ensuring that we also protect our contractors while doing the work as well as ensuring that any homeowner has protection,
3914 London will continue to be a key player in the global financial services industry and capital markets following Brexit. However some of its operations, capabilities and margins will be affected by the long-term political regulatory uncertainty underlying the Brexit process.
3915 The stimulus package has reduced pressure on a global scale and resulted in better sentiments for Indonesia's financial markets,
3916 Actually we have room for further interest rate cut.
3917 This is most disappointing, if not shocking, at this critical hour of need to fight COVID-19 and disburse committed expenditures,
3918 as children we were told stories that people were slapped by jinns if they dozed off while listening to the Quran
3919 Considering the demand, we have kept Rs 500 crore for permanent tea gardens workers in north Bengal to set up permanent houses,
3920 Demonetisation was a shock. Within seven weeks, before the shock could be absorbed, came another shock ~ the unprepared GST. Prior to demonetisation our GDP growth was 8.1 per cent and now it has dipped to 5 per cent. The growth rates of both China and Bangladesh are higher than India. While China had already surpassed India in the growth rate, it is now Bangladesh which has recorded a higher growth rate
3921 We stand ready to help until every woman can move through her life without facing legal barriers to her success,
3922 These kinds of investments go hand-in-hand with humanitarian aid.
3923 given growing health concerns related to the virus,
3924 When things go from bad to very very bad like they did last week, investors take leverage down as fast as they can. They book profits to make up for other losses. Ouch,
3925 global money printing orgy,
3926 be a short-time hit; we'll get the economy back to its usual level
3927 If this becomes a world issue, with ripples through many countries and many economies, then that's different type of event than as I understand it to be today,
3928 began its business in Canada in 2001, when our office in Toronto was opened with one salesperson,
3929 Google is doing fine relative to where it is starting out from,
3930 I can really empathize with you -- I can see how important this problem is in your life today.
3931 I'm happy to switch. It's too adult for me, let's be honest,
3932 they leave the girl behind... walk out the door and instantly tell all their friends what happened and get high fives and praise for `getting the girl' while she is left to wake up alone.
3933 It is not a viable solution to keep everyone in quarantine for several months, no matter if they belong to a high-risk group, are healthy or already immune.
3934 Our debt is on an unsustainable path.
3935 Rather, it looks like an I: a vertical line representing financial markets and the real economy plummeting
3936 If the shock leads to a global recession, then you have a financial crisis, because debt levels have gone up and the U.S. housing market is experiencing a bubble just like in 2007. It hasn't been a time bomb so far because we have been experiencing growth. That is over now.
3937 When there's a negative supply shock, it reduces output and increases prices,
3938 will lose the election, that's for sure.
3939 V-nor U -- nor L-shaped... (I) t looks like a I: a vertical line representing financial markets and the real economy plummeting.
3940 This was one of the more complex incidents that I have worked because there were county, state, federal and international officials and agencies involved,
3941 We have chosen to punish our consumers to protect our inefficient small producers, which will never become globally competitive,
3942 And for that, we would have to have paid family and medical leave. And we know how rare that is -- only about 20% of all workers have it.
3943 At least for the US, the immigrants that we have right now it pretty much looks like a net benefit to US tax payers... when the government spends money on redistribution, it's normally for the elderly, not the poor... and immigrants tend to be young so that means they are a good deal when you let them in and they pay taxes for many decades before they can collect old-age benefits.
3944 But also, the future of the labor force is going to involve greater women's equality.
3945 But the bigger factor is what's not in the bill -- people need cash now to pay the rent, pay their mortgage, and put food on the table. The government needs to send out checks and figure out how to help people skip loan payments with no penalty.
3946 Health care added more jobs in 2019 than 2018, while jobs growth slowed substantially in mining, construction, transportation & warehousing, and construction.
3947 But the alternative -- a permanent destruction of productive capacity and therefore of the fiscal base -- would be much more damaging to the economy and eventually to government credit.
3948 The coronavirus pandemic is a human tragedy of potentially biblical proportions,
3949 Especially at this time of year when people are out at night celebrating.
3950 I expect to see some very bad numbers coming out of the in the first quarter, second quarter,
3951 Investors still want to buy equities, but the coronavirus is making everyone more cautious,
3952 It's within that framework and the analysis that we do and the information that we gather from our contacts, consumer side, labor side, business side, and we make the best policy decisions we can.
3953 I feel extremely disappointed because I know it's not going to happen this winter,
3954 Our net debt will rise but we will benefit from it big time with $42 billion in synergies. Money from Germany and Europe will not go to implement this transaction.
3955 The media has sensationally reported false allegations, conjecture and innuendo. Several have done so without following the standard, responsible practice of first speaking with Edelweiss,
3956 We appreciate that regulator and agencies have an obligation to investigate; if any information is sought from us, as a responsible corporate citizen, we will of course provide the same.
3957 Three countries that will still survive or are in the positive zone are Indonesia, China and India,
3958 2.5% or even zero.
3959 [ I also hope Lana ] will improve LPS' performance in insuring deposits are more sustainable in the future,
3960 This is just like what happened in India, when they announced a lockdown without any preparation, it instead caused chaos and other problems that complicated things further.
3961 We took the opportunity for the 50-year bonds because investor preferences for long-term maturities were very strong,
3962 We will take it meeting-by-meeting. If this were to resolve in a one-or-two quarter slowdown in growth, that is probably not something that changes the big picture,
3963 To the extent that [ uncertainty ] was holding back investment, that should be a positive this year.
3964 the downside risk of the global outlook is maybe diminished a bit
3965 And that's name brand manufacturing. It's lantus, levemir, novolog, humalog.
3966 It has nothing to do with any terrorist activity,
3967 from shop to shop.
3968 I certainly had none of this information when working on the budget committees or in discussions,
3969 Instead of just lecturing, they give you lots of projects, like writing a five-page book in Spanish. It's neat because it's a common language and you could go to Mexico, Spain, Venezuela, etc., and talk to the people. I'd recommend this school to others because there's lots of hands-on learning, you learn Spanish and you get to be creative, at the same time.
3970 We've never seen anything like this in the history of humankind. This is really something special and an incredible tribute to [ European Jewish Congress President ] Dr. Moshe Kantor,
3971 It takes decades to build up a fanbase because typically fanbases are inherited from parents, so you need multiple generations before your fanbase really develops.
3972 It's conceivable that you get an 80 degree day in January in Boston, but that doesn't mean it's going to happen,
3973 The economy is President Trump's friend, but it is not his best friend. Unemployment is low, the stock market is high, wage growth is sturdy and gas prices are low.
3974 The American consumer really is the firewall between an expanding economy and a recession,
3975 wouldn't happen unless the (Republicans) captured the House and held onto the Senate, which at this point seems unlikely,
3976 The Federal Reserve does not have a lot of room to maneuver... I don't think policy is up to the task to really juice up this economy to get it going again quickly.
3977 This is not going to be business as usual, and the marketing industry is certainly going to see a real impact. I don't think anyone knows how big. So we're going to watch and look,
3978 fanatical about her public image
3979 I'm going to give a big speech next month. And I'm working on an op-ed. We need to go out and explain the business model clearly.
3980 In the Bay area alone, about 400,000 kids are fed by local schools, and they need our help.
3981 This is not going to business as usual, and the marketing industry is certainly going to see a real impact. I don't think anyone knows how big,
3982 To date, the policy announcements from the RBA and other sectors of government have been well received with the overall level of stimulus now getting close to 17 per cent of Australian GDP.
3983 The new $100 banknote celebrates the contributions that two outstanding Australians -- Sir John Monash and Dame Nellie Melba -- made to our society.
3984 The primary response to the virus is to manage the health of the population, but other arms of policy, including monetary and fiscal policy, play an important role in reducing the economic and financial disruption resulting from the virus,
3985 I want to make it clear that our purchases will be in the secondary market and we will not be purchasing bonds directly from the government,
3986 it is quite likely that we are going to be in this world of low interest rates for years, if not decades, because it is driven by structural factors.
3987 Our current estimate is that over the December and March quarters, the fires will have reduced Australian GDP growth by around 0.2 percentage points.
3988 The Bank has injected substantial liquidity into the financial system through its daily open market operations to support credit and maintain low funding costs in the economy,
3989 until progress is being made towards full employment and it is confident that inflation will be sustainably within the 2-3 per cent target band
3990 the Australian economy is expected to return to an improving trend.
3991 We are in extraordinary times and we're prepared to do whatever is necessary to make sure funding costs in Australia are low and the supply of credit is there for Australian businesses and households.
3992 Also, Germany looks set to step up its slow-motion fiscal stimulus from c0.3% of GDP in 2019 to c0.4% this year as the supply constraints holding back public investment growth are easing.
3993 be at least as unpopular
3994 The dismal result adds to the pressure on the party to resolve the leadership crisis fast,
3995 However, beyond the direct impact on activity, the Italian measures... Are likely to weigh significantly further on confidence near-term.
3996 and the ability to work from home differs enormously by race and ethnicity.
3997 Everything is presented in chronological order,
3998 they [ Facebook & others ] absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news
3999 Given the size of the Indian economy in the global GDP right now, if you have a significant downward revision for India, then it does have an impact on global growth so we revised global growth down for 2019 by 0.1% and the vast majority of that comes from the downgrade for India,
4000 the projected recovery for global growth remains uncertain. It continues to rely on recoveries in stressed and underperforming emerging market economies, as growth in advanced economies stabilizes at close to current levels.
4001 We believe it's important for this to be a multilateral agreement that is multilaterally enforced,
4002 We have a $1 trillion capacity. We are still in a position to meet demands... IMF cannot lend to countries where debt is unsustainable. It is just how the rules of the game are here,
4003 imposing employment agreements that they can't take the money, fire all the workers,
4004 We're starting to see if it's going to have a freezing effect on economic growth and there's going to be a drop, probably a pretty deep recession.
4005 Face-to-face service industries -- the kind of businesses that go into a tailspin when fearful people withdraw from one another -- tend to dominate economies in high-income countries more than they do in China,
4006 people are desperate to vote, but the center has collapsed.
4007 gaining and gaining and gaining,
4008 go to hell in a matter of days.
4009 Regulation may or may not be the answer, but at the moment it seems there's a big question about who's making the rules.
4010 Rethinking the Wildland Fire Management System,
4011 There will be no relaxation in banking hours. The previous advisory regarding limited functioning from 10 am to 2 pm hereby stands withdrawn,
4012 We need to know more about what I am protesting about. The head must also join with the heart in protest,
4013 From whatever I have come to know so far, I have not come across the reason for which she is being asked to leave. I am not saying there is no such reason; I am eager to know,
4014 no famine has ever taken place in the history of the world in a functioning democracy -- be it economically rich... or relatively poor... Famines have tended to occur in colonial territories governed by rulers from elsewhere... or in one-party states... or in military dictatorships...
4015 We're a team now that's building,
4016 Yeah, that is the hope,
4017 a realistic and forward-looking definition of our goal allows monetary policy to wait if there are good reasons, in order not to react hectically to every change in incoming data. It allows the incorporation of the longer-term risks to price stability.
4018 Independence and a narrow interpretation of the mandate go together.
4019 Each year, Exxon becomes more hostile toward its investors and buries its head further in the sand to ignore the world changing around it. Doubling down on investments in oil and gas while claiming Paris alignment is unacceptable. The company's efforts to stifle shareholder concern about the climate crisis is wholly inexcusable.
4020 is not only dangerous foolishness and caricature, it also welcomes future deniers. We honour the victims by preserving factual accuracy.
4021 In creating this series it was most important for me to consider what I believe to be the ultimate question and challenge of telling a story about the Holocaust,
4022 It's perfectly true that if you remove protection of the sort that has been given, for instance, to the car industries, you are going to have a change in the situation facing that industry -- and you are going to have to run it down. And it will be in your interests to do so in just the same way as you ran down the coal industry and the steel industry. These things happen. You have to deal with the compensation problems along the route. It will be a process that can't be entertained without compensation. Reform always requires compensation.
4023 Richard Coe has dedicated nearly four decades of his professional career building an independent wealth management firm serving clients in the Wichita area and beyond,
4024 an expert at making mistakes in life,
4025 Certainly it is not going to have a big effect on our growth at all,
4026 I have never attempted to have non-consensual sexual relations with anybody in my life.
4027 I'm not lying, I'm here to protect other people from what happened to me.
4028 bit of how's - your-father before then
4029 in the same way and there might be a progression
4030 And we should all seek to create an environment in which people can challenge and report these behaviours without hesitation or fear of retribution.
4031 abused his power to satisfy his sexual desires with impunity,
4032 major social and economic consequences, notably for public sector spending in vital areas such as healthcare and education,
4033 where they need to be for the production and demand to come closer to balance,
4034 There is nothing in your projections that would lead you to believe that investing 99% of your capital in continued oil and gas production is the sensible way forward. You need a new vision for yourselves that means you can survive in a net zero world,
4035 Not having diagnosed the illness of the patient, the doctor is helpless. The least the doctor can do is to say... I am sorry. We made a mistake, will Dr Manmohan Singh come and advise us,
4036 I would say the patient has been kept out of ICU and incompetent doctors are looking at the patient,
4037 One of the reasons is that a lot of people struggle with debt for years before they seek financial help. That's partly because many households bury their heads in the sand about the scale of their debts until something tips them over the edge -- like a mortgage renewal or an unexpected expense.
4038 The coronavirus has arrived when the economy is in a very good place. The strong economic data -- including low debt-to-GDP ratio, current account surplus, high level of foreign exchange reserves and a robust financial system -- increase the resilience of the economy to developments,
4039 This application is also on a flood plain, what are the safety devices or do we face a Japanese-style Fukushima disaster?
4040 We know who's sick right away. We quarantine them. So this is a formula for dramatically reducing the deaths and morbidity and also getting the economy back on its feet. This is as close to a no-brainer as I've seen in my entire career.
4041 We would like to have this reopened as fast as we can after the crisis.
4042 We've seen something like this after hurricanes and those types of things where we do point distribution, but never as broad an area,
4043 While voting for status quo in this meeting, it is important to note that headroom is available to act and arrest any further weakening of growth impulses. With this objective in the fore, I also vote for maintaining the accommodative monetary policy stance,
4044 BTC does offer an alternative store of value, and there is no question about that. The issue is: How good is it? It all depends upon when you buy and when you sell, and so there remains a huge element of luck.
4045 greatly expands the long-term care benefit, and you don't have to have those same income and asset tests to qualify,
4046 It would only be a fee-for-service, traditional Medicare model, and that certainly could lead to some controversy.
4047 Hence the need to mobilise the additional required, for the 2022 Population and Housing Census project with an estimated cost of about $85.5 million.
4048 The 2% Intermediated Money Transfer Tax (IMTT) which is currently ring-fenced for social protection and capital development projects and hence, will ordinarily be channeled towards COVID-19 related mitigatory expenditures,
4049 Huawei is in the same category as Chinese companies implementing projects because the agreement is very clear that companies doing projects must be exempted from taxes. Huawei is rolling out base stations with NetOne,
4050 History says when these things pass people will go to restaurants, cinemas, theatre, watch sport. Six months after 9/11, an event where it was unsure if people would fly again, passenger travel was back to where it was before the event.
4051 If Muslims become more than 30%, that country is in danger,
4052 Ideological mistakes were made after Independence till the government of Chandra Shekhar, which was short-lived, and the full term of Prime Minister Narasimha Rao. The wrong policy of going very slow led India towards being not in a position to recover,
4053 During Jawaharlal Nehru's time, our GDP was down to 3.5 per cent. Later when Chandrashekar government was formed, I was in the ministry and we made economic reforms. During P. V. Narasimha Rao's time, we worked on the economic reforms as a result of which the GDP reached 8 per cent. If our PM works on my suggestions, then our GDP will reach 10 per cent,
4054 It is these working-class Americans, white and black alike, who have seen earnings collapse, family structure disintegrate, and mortality climb. These Americans are earning less on average, adjusted for inflation, than their counterparts back in the 1970s,
4055 Health progress in America essentially ceased in 2012,
4056 So I think the public can take confidence and, as I mentioned earlier, because these viruses don't recognise borders or boundaries, we are working in a collective way to ensure an appropriate and proportionate response.
4057 This is a fundamental strategy for GitLab,
4058 Many of the actions taken during containment will still continue in any delay phase. Responses may vary between different regions, depending on the circumstances.
4059 The program is setting a new legal precedent protecting hotels and restaurants from meritless and frivolous lawsuits. We're doing this while providing the assistive technologies that help businesses better engage with individuals with disabilities.
4060 We never thought about it because we don't have anything in Michigan.
4061 What's the cost of doing too much and what's the cost of doing too little? I think it's incredibly asymmetric,
4062 Right now time is of the essence. I would much rather get people money sooner. Maybe they save it. Maybe they have flexibility to miss some work. Maybe they spend it.
4063 The economy has never gone from healthy to disaster so quickly,
4064 You basically have to become Greece to get a penny out of the ESM.
4065 I recognize how difficult the last 36 hours have been for all of you, and I sympathize with the frustration you are experiencing as you try to meet the challenges ahead,
4066 It's a very American idea,
4067 more now than gold has been in human history
4068 That really puts students at a disadvantage,
4069 The current moment is very unique, and my recommendation to governments is you have, for once, the upper hand
4070 The myriad of titles of chairman, vice-chairman, president, CEO, COO could have been divided up in a way where you still don't have to have the role ambiguity of the same title,
4071 The question of the grey list is more complicated. Washington is still looking for wholesale and irreversible steps, and the revelation that Masood Azhar is `missing' won't go down well. This suggests that unless things change in the coming weeks, Pakistan may have trouble convincing FATF to be removed from the grey list.
4072 This coronavirus has now added enormous extra strain to this [ economic ] system,
4073 I hope the whole world can basically do that quickly. This is the key question: how quickly can we do this?
4074 The point is to get the liquidity where it is needed, and that is not rate cuts.
4075 If Judge Sullivan were to allow him to do it -- and I don't think he will -- and he loses [ at trial ], he's toast,
4076 In this context, lower interest rates will actually help to stabilize the housing market rather than contribute to froth,
4077 Canada's biggest financial system vulnerability.
4078 That is because high debt levels can make us vulnerable to negative events,
4079 When financial tensions ease as pandemic runs its course, these extra liquidity demands will dissipate, and the bank's balance sheet expansion can reverse over time.
4080 In this time of uncertainty it is important we remain focussed on supporting students with opportunities that will benefit their future careers and confidence within their studies. This would not be possible without the willingness of the students and Andrew from Sight Concern.
4081 I can't believe it. It's a little bit damaged but not too bad,
4082 It was well involved in fire when we arrived but there were no occupants,
4083 It's just an apocalyptic moment,
4084 We are in the middle of negotiating this take-or-pay which is just egregious to the country and we came out boldly to say that we are not going to continue with this type of unbalanced contracts for our country anymore.
4085 Mr Speaker, the Ministry of Finance has been working with the Ministry of Health to cost the National Preparedness and Response Plan, prepared by the Ministry of Health and the World Bank,
4086 some apparent typographical and other errors, and placeholders for analysis and narrative sections that have seemingly not yet been written.
4087 It continues to give special treatment to fossil fuel interests. It fails to ratify the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol, which could bring the global community together to reduce the use of HFCs and avoid up to a half degree Celsius in global warming by the end of the century. And like so many of the Trump administration's proposals, the new NAFTA fails to even mention the words `climate change.
4088 That's not a partisan issue; it's a good government policy that is necessary for a healthy democracy. Regardless of their political party, presidential candidates and their transition teams should disclose how they will address their own conflicts of interest before the election and develop an ethics plan that the American people are able to see and evaluate. With this important bill now on its way to the president's desk, together, we will provide more accountability and transparency in presidential transitions by helping new administrations address potential conflicts of interest, improve the vetting process for nominees and preserve the integrity of our executive branch. My friend Chairman Cummings worked hard on this important bill, and I know that he would be proud that it is now one step closer to being signed into law.
4089 And with that, Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing,
4090 by removing federal clean water protection from millions of miles of streams and more than half of the nation's wetlands, this rule will result in more pollution, dirtier water, less certainty and higher costs for everyone except the upstream polluters the Trump Administration wants to protect. It breaks the law and ignores the basic science that tells us our waterways are critically interconnected.
4091 I have learned of similar irregularities in the intra - and inter-agency processes associated with the preparation of a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking of the Strengthening Transparency in Regulatory Science Rule,
4092 With the death of our late colleague John McCain, I am the last Vietnam veteran serving in the U.S. Senate,
4093 There will be spot shortages here and there, and there will be some scrambling, but it's nothing I think consumers need to be concerned about.
4094 an intellectual Prime Minister, who valued intellect. He surrounded himself with intellectuals -- and these were all non-political figures
4095 Fighting Atal Bihari Vajpayee and L K Advani is a different ball game from fighting master communicators Narendra Modi and Amit Shah.
4096 Labour is in the concurrent list and depending on how you count, there were around 54 different union statutes on labour. These have now been codified into four. I am not suggesting that four is ideal and we can streamline it further,
4097 Understanding at the more macro level why some things are happening [ to policy ] now in Western Europe and the US might be easier if we understand the micro level,
4098 It is also how fast the construction or infrastructure projects outlined in Budget 2020 are rolled out, given that there is a lag effect. The faster these projects get started, it will in turn benefit all the backward and forward linkage business activities,
4099 Our focus needs to be at this point on testing and getting the pandemic under enough control so we can begin to restore business activity,
4100 If firms are really damaged and cut back their investment spending on R&D dramatically, or workers become deskilled or lose productive connections to firms, those things can have long-lasting effects,
4101 People who are hourly, not salaried. People who work for small businesses, people who don't have paid sick leave.
4102 the schools, in consultation with the [ Parent-Teacher Association ] leadership, may choose to reschedule or forego the holding of graduation and moving up rites.
4103 We are also appreciative of the years of leadership and guidance from Chairman Haim Saban along with the other sponsors, including Madison Dearborn Partners, Providence Equity Partners, TPG and Thomas H. Lee Partners, which have been supportive stewards of our business and mission. I remain committed to leading the company and supporting a smooth and successful transition over the coming months to ensure Univision is best positioned for the future ahead.
4104 We planned buses from Srikakulam, Visakhapatnam, Rajamahendravaram, Machilipatnam, Amalapuram, Ongole, Guntur and other places to clear Sankranti rush,
4105 It's been observed that, in the early 20s, investors can plan their finances better with the right knowledge and financial skills as they don't have a spouse or a child to look after. They should invest at least 50-60 per cent of their monthly income after starting on a job.
4106 A decision on when and whether in-person instruction will resume will be shared in early April. Students will receive additional information about this transition in the next few days.
4107 As you know, this is a constantly evolving situation,
4108 By becoming a 4 Star Partner, Syrex is able to work even more closely with Check Point to gain an enhanced understanding of its product offerings and how it can be applied to the unique requirements of South African companies,
4109 The Americans have shown what needs to be done, sending cheques to everyone. We should do the same. A  1,000 cheque to every adult, each month, for the next three months would allow people to pay their rent and buy groceries.
4110 The need for new housing will remain a priority, so we will continue to do business with partners across the sector to create opportunities for future development and support the government's housebuilding objectives.
4111 They let us walk all over, into rooms I've never seen before. I enjoyed seeing the portraits of all the past presidents.
4112 For almost three straight years beginning in early 2011, wage growth in the public sector was suppressed well below the private sector,
4113 This is because the reduction in wage levels due to the wage freeze is reflected in a permanent reduction in the nominal wage base.
4114 I'm grateful to assembly members for giving up their time to learn about these issues and discuss the best course of action, and it's vital that at the end of this process, the government sits up and takes notice.
4115 In December 2019, the large scale manufacturing output expanded by 16% on the month on month basis, indicating that growth is starting to pick up,
4116 Partners for the Global Pact for Education and a New Fund for Education,
4117 somebody who obviously lacks the necessary knowledge and experience to head an Ebola effort. This was politics.
4118 While sanctions already cause tens of thousands of needless deaths, the lethal toll during the novel coronavirus pandemic will be made far worse in countries where imports of medications, medical equipment, and the maintenance of water, sanitation, and health care infrastructure are restricted due to the impact of U.S. sanctions. These restrictions will also make it harder for health authorities to control the spread of the disease within their countries.
4119 Risk management is not about timing, it is about contingency planning. Our clients were extremely well prepared,
4120 So this is far from over; the current pandemic is merely threatening to pop the bubble. (And, as we all can plainly see, the powers that be are likely running out of ways to keep the bubble inflated.),
4121 that would be a loss for the whole country.
4122 The ACCC has concerns about consumers being misled over the collection and the use of their personal data, as well as a range of important competition issues, some also linked to data,
4123 It will be a big focus this year, and I'd be very confident not only will we take enforcement action, but just the focus will have an effect on improving the sector,
4124 We stand by our decision to oppose this merger. If the ACCC won 100% of the cases we took it would be a sign we weren't doing our job properly; by only picking `safe' cases and not standing up for what we believe in.
4125 In 2020 we aim to improve industry compliance with consumer guarantees through a combination of industry education and guidance and enforcement action where appropriate. There will be a particular focus on educating consumers to understand their consumer rights, and empowering them to enforce them.
4126 Often self-interest dominates what companies tell governments.
4127 We will continue to oppose mergers that we believe will substantially lessen competition, because it's our job to protect competition and, in doing so, ensure that Australian consumers enjoy the benefits of competition,
4128 This is not a bail-out by any standard.
4129 I am feeling a bit uneasy about the situation, it's not looking very good, but that's democracy and I'm happy to accept the verdict of what's happening here.
4130 We are encouraged by the willingness of all parties and the determination of all parties to reach a solution which avoids examinership or liquidation.
4131 A value of $507.6 billion seems huge to individuals unfamiliar with large economic magnitudes (such as GDP) and appears to have most journalists virtually fainting from fright,
4132 It comes from other people.
4133 It's not going to slow down anytime in the near future,
4134 social unrest and violence, if the government did not immediately act to help
4135 The implications of lower oil prices is far reaching, driving down the input costs of agriculture and many other goods while quarantines will further hit restaurant and cafe demand for livestock and softs,
4136 the year-over-year change in rent for condos was relatively small and not statistically significant, potentially due to increased competition among landlords with more units being made available for rent.
4137 There is demand, strong demand for homes in price ranges that can be reasonably purchased by people based on their local incomes,
4138 Completely ridiculous not to have a @UKLabour hustings in Yorkshire. We need more people to be able to get involved in rebuilding our party & support in Yorkshire, not less.
4139 My office had to inform the police about any event he might be present at, including the General Election count, as we had no idea whether or what kind of threat he might pose.
4140 I do expect some shake out in the asset management industry where some of the funds that have weaker balance sheets are hit harder
4141 Much as we have the right to demonstrate but there is need to respect the law and the rights to property of others. Those that will emerge winners must celebrate with dignity and those that will lose should also accept the results,
4142 MCP monitors led by [ Elsehower ] Mkaka, Chimwendo [ Banda ], [ Silvesetr James ] Ayuba and others also had an audience with me where they intimidated me that I should not announce the results and if I go on there will be blood in the country. I confronted Ayuba who later knelt down and appologized, so too with Chimwendo,
4143 Non-banks play an increasingly important role in the global financial system. The FSB's monitoring report provides a significant resource for authorities to assess trends and risks from NBFI. Such information is essential for a forward-looking, system-wide oversight framework.
4144 The climate crisis hasn't gone away,
4145 vulnerability of the international system in a very, very violent way.
4146 The moment we are experiencing is indeed dramatic and requires urgent and effective action,
4147 The notion that there's a control room in the West Wing and this group will gather around the president and say `Go ahead press the button, sir, we're going to restart' -- that's not how the U.S. economy works,
4148 It takes off the table having to talk about comprehensive reforms that would be in lieu of the ACA, and that I think is probably to their benefit,
4149 There's a lot of fear here. A lot of confusion,
4150 We have a 20-year duration. What does that say?
4151 We need the optimism that we see now in Ukraine to be sustainable. We do not look at the latest growth numbers as an indication of success, but we have to look at how the culture is changing,
4152 We would be lucky to have any resources left to produce output, let alone expand it.
4153 affected what I do and where I go.
4154 Many transformative plans are being put in place to create zero carbon, biodiversity-friendly societies and economies. These plans need the full and unequivocal backing of the global financial system. So while it is encouraging to see the acceleration of green financing, the financial system and those who regulate it, need to urgently step up and drive huge cuts in greenhouse gas emissions.
4155 Never before have so many opportunities existed for pathogens to pass from wild and domestic animals to people,
4156 set off one of the greatest disruptions in the history of college athletics and threatened to exact a significant financial toll -- easily hundreds of millions of dollars
4157 The key issue now is getting the fiscal response straight,
4158 There is no need for a merger as the Civil Defence has been working efficiently despite limited resources. The government should instead try to strengthen the organisation by providing the required funds and facilities for its betterment,
4159 This Australian journalist faces 175 years - that is, death - in a US jail,
4160 This unnecessary, selfish behaviour is seriously affecting older Australians and I ask people when they go the shops, to spare a thought about just who is missing out on essential items if you are stockpiling. `It is now up to everyone to do the right thing.
4161 At some point, international investors will begin to sharply distinguish between countries along the principal measure of how successfully the health challenge is being met, which will determine how quickly and durably individual economies will get back on their feet,
4162 Economists don't trust anecdotes,
4163 if I have done anything wrong, please forgive me, I also forgive those hurt me.
4164 Up until now we have clung to human interaction, which we like, but that is now tainted and money is tainted.
4165 We need to focus on this basic first principle right now.
4166 can kiss the 2020 economy goodbye and into next year,
4167 He sounds like a s ** t M people instead,
4168 I DEMAND an Oasis reunion after this is all over all money going to NHS c'm on you know. As we were,
4169 Refering to Caroline Flack's death. RIP.
4170 If everyone's knowledge were identical to everyone else's, no one would have to communicate at all. That men do communicate demonstrates that they must assume that their knowledge is not identical.
4171 real productivity disaster for firms
4172 So, cutting OPR is very important and it would cushion the impact of this outbreak of the virus,
4173 no reason I should have gotten it this bad
4174 And it's psychologically very positive.
4175 drowsy driving -- related crashes.
4176 Equity markets are looking increasingly exposed to near-term downward surprises to earnings growth. While a sustained bear market does not look likely, a near-term correction is looking much more probable.
4177 He's trying to create a situation where he has some leverage -- and by Trump, for example, withdrawing from northern Syria, that created the opportunity for Russians to literally take over U.S. bases. Whenever he sees that opportunity, he takes it.
4178 in light of updated travel advisories from the U.S. State Department and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
4179 increased income inequality by 25 percent.
4180 The government will make 350 billion Pesos in direct payments to help unemployed workers, pensioners, family allowance beneficiaries and those on welfare. The measures also include suspending social security payments for companies in the most affected sectors, including airlines, hotels, movie theaters and restaurants as well as manufacturers unable to import raw materials. The government will put 100 billion Argentine Pesos toward public works projects, including money to build homes and fix up schools. It will also re-launch a program that offers people low-interest loans to build and repair houses. Argentina has a considerable percentage of its workforce in the black economy and another significant number who figure as self employed and make their income in a daily basis in the services industry, construction or simply street vendors, which makes it quite difficult to reach them with the announced benefits. Prices will be capped on key personal hygiene and medical supplies for the next month, possibly for longer, and inspections will be stepped up of retailers to make sure they comply, the Economy Ministry said in a statement. Another 350 billion Pesos or so will come from state banks. The central bank will open up a 320 billion Pesos credit line for companies to borrow at a preferential rate of 26% per year -- less than the 38% benchmark rate -- for 180 days to keep their businesses afloat, according to the ministry. Banco Nacin, the largest state-owned bank, will offer 25 billion Pesos in credits for producers of food, personal hygiene, cleaning products and medical supplies to keep up output. Another 8 billion Pesos will be made available for companies to buy computers and other technology so their employees can work from home. The government this week closed schools, international borders, entertainment venues, sports events and national parks until March 31, potentially for longer, and told people to stay home in a bid to contain a spread of the coronavirus COVID-19, which President Alberto Fernndez called
4181 This lady is an embarrassment to the entire Black community... one butter biscuit away from a heart attack. A clown.
4182 With the central bank warning that the economy will suffer a `temporary but substantial decline' and the rouble stabilising, monetary easing is increasingly likely. We expect 100bp (basis points) of rate cuts over the coming months,
4183 Everyone here must be part of this vision to work together and achieve our goals.
4184 It's about late, late nights and trying to lose your head...
4185 My colleague just returned from China and said that people are just self-quarantining. They're not out on the streets, they're not out in restaurants, even during the holiday. It's just eerie,
4186 The big thing for me was the cost of being wrong was asymmetrical
4187 Pretty early on we realized that if this virus came to Boston and came to our campus that we would need to at least plan for doing it,
4188 Why not deploy hotels as COVID-19 care facilities?
4189 They sort of got carried away with themselves,
4190 What is produced in China and what is imported by the U.S. will be produced elsewhere, mostly outside the U.S.. The price for tariffs is being paid by U.S. consumers and this is a negative development for the U.S. economy.
4191 After all, a penny saved is a penny earned.
4192 Colby Cave Memorial Fund,
4193 The School of Public Health is central to Brown's aspirations to make a difference in the world through consequential research, teaching and engagement, and we look forward to working closely with Dr. Jha as he assumes this critical role.
4194 There's nothing cheap here in this state,
4195 This is further damaging business and consumer confidence, which are already in free fall.
4196 to the trend towards entrenched inequality.
4197 Decarbonisation presents itself as the greatest challenge of our generation. We need to reduce our emissions and make all types of transport more sustainable
4198 that will build on our regular evaluation of Twitter's leadership structure.
4199 The results which reflects the performance of the combined entity post merger has outstripped those of the combined entities on a standalone basis. This further reinforces the bank's sustainable business model and brand promise to deliver more to all stakeholders as we work to realise the envisioned synergies of merger,
4200 They were beautifully made but they were also highly specialist, niche tools and that's why they are still here.
4201 We have placed food security at the centre of our Human Capital Development priorities. We believe that food security and nutrition are inextricably connected to the total development of the human being in achieving their full potential,
4202 I am delighted to see so many of our young people engaged in agriculture arising from the Youth Employment in Agriculture initiative launched when I was minister to get the youth into agriculture as a business.
4203 The police told us to go to Ladies Park on CIT Road or to Park Circus. But we have told them that we would want a place in Esplanade,
4204 There's a lot. The list just keeps growing by day. If you really stop to think about it, I literally would not sleep. That's how much has to get done. But honestly, we feel as you look at it, and take a step back, where we are, is where we need to be. As long as we continue on this pace, I will sleep well the night of Feb. 2.
4205 Young families are looking for housing, and they're going as far afield as they need to in order to afford that.
4206 When you dive into the numbers, it's largely young families, the biggest group, moving out of the Toronto area... It's not a coincidence that the two fastest-growing parts of Canada are the Kitchener-Waterloo region and London.
4207 From 00:00 local time on February 20, 2020, the passage of citizens from the People's Republic of China across the state border of the Russian Federation is temporarily suspended,
4208 We are determining the place [ of deportation ] currently,
4209 You used to do stuff by hand. Now, we need workers who can manage the machines.
4210 getting it right in Sudan has a strategic impact and effect, you can imagine the spillover effect in the entire region... what we would like to see is our friends and partners working with us in making this a success story.
4211 We reiterate our faith in the Sudanese armed forces and their ability to contain situations,
4212 If there are 47,173 suicides then a 3.4 percent reduction would correspond to 1,603 fewer deaths each year,
4213 No private equity firm who's valuing a business to buy the whole business looks at whether it's low price-to-book,
4214 the potential to be another catch up year
4215 You collected 34 billion dollars, what happened to this money? Citizens did their part, they paid their tax. It is the government's job to take the precautions. You collected 34 billion dollars, what happened to this money? Citizens ask this question. Citizens did their duty, but the ones who have been in power for 17 years have not done their duty.
4216 Don't sell stocks.
4217 I am leaving a happy man after having seen some success in my constituency and more important, I helped in building the opposition in Tanzania,
4218 I believe Mike Bloomberg is the best candidate to win back America and restore honor to the Presidency,
4219 It is a massive drop -- and with the depreciation of the rand against the dollar, it might well be more than that,
4220 Our model abstracts from various forces that might affect the long-run performance of the economy,
4221 Prevention and recognising people with high risk has to happen at young age,
4222 This was the initial strategy followed by PHE in the UK but was not sustained as we did not have the testing capacity at that time. Ramping up testing capacity as outlined by the government is key to being able to restore such a strategy.
4223 Africa needs massive private capital investment to enable us drive the sectors that will develop the economy, especially sectors like power. Access to electricity is very critical if we are to develop our continent. We have a huge youth population in Africa and I think that is our biggest resource as a continent. So, in order to talk about the development of our continent, we must prioritise this segment and focus on how to empower them
4224 down-home Southern kitchen with a kitschy menu
4225 It is the state's responsibility to take up programmes for the youth,
4226 Let's try to be considerate and compassionate toward each other in every possible way we can.
4227 risk-free return on your money
4228 This is an investment that plays to Platinum's core strengths. We will deploy our full range of global operations capabilities, financial resources and M&A support to help the company maximize its potential.
4229 Defensive Medicine and Obstetric Practices: Evidence from the Military Health System,
4230 Economics alone won't get us through this
4231 In the absence of these monetary policy measures, the euro area's development would have been much weaker,
4232 We should also think whether we want to formulate this target in a clearer manner. It is foremost about how we can best reach the prime target, which is price stability. This is the objective that should guide us.
4233 Signing this cooperation agreement will advance both sides to the challenges facing industry in the 21st Century,
4234 Socialism is a wonderful idea. It is only as a reality that it has been disastrous. Among people of every race, color, and creed, all around the world, socialism has led to hunger in countries that used to have surplus food to export.
4235 ... totalitarianism recognizes no moral limits on the state. It's the most convenient ideology for aspiring tyrants...
4236 the effect of alternative immigration levels on population age structure is small, unless we are willing to entertain a volume of U.S. immigration of historic proportion.
4237 The IEA (International Energy Agency) estimates that by 2040 -- after we have spent a whopping $3.5 trillion on additional subsidies -- solar and wind will still meet less than 5% of our needs.
4238 This was my first real war experience, one that I will never forget,
4239 Wuhanan Seafood Market, with zero Bats, has any value to getting to the source.
4240 The Economic Contribution of Unauthorized Workers.
4241 You have got to worry about the terms of those Eurobonds, the short term nature and the repayment risk when they are due.
4242 adult citizens should have a right to a certain amount of education
4243 Of course a year on, here we are, and it turns out they are the cookie jar of the nation -- and we're bloody lucky we've got them,
4244 yen was at 358 to the dollar in 1970, 265 yen to the dollar in 1973, 184 in 1978, 129 in 1988, and 105 in 1993.
4245 These guys were raised at a time when most parents told their children they were exceptional, particularly white children,
4246 they've helped us to grow faster.
4247 He said, `I'm telling you, the Cubs are absolutely motivated to try and get him. Absolutely, 100 percent. '
4248 Our head of food inspection called the editor printed this news. The man apologized. We told him, you spread this all across Turkey! If you are the one who spread the news, tell us who these (adulterers) are. Our inspection teams are ready. But he just said no.
4249 the loss of work is the inevitable result of government shutdowns.
4250 This variation across the country suggests that provinces and territories can learn from others' experience when it comes to holding the line on spending and shifting care to more cost-effective channels,
4251 We expect U.S. economic activity to contract sharply in the remainder of March and throughout April as virus fears lead consumers and businesses to continue to cut back on spending such as travel, entertainment, and restaurant meals,
4252 We know there are going to be some very big negatives in the next couple of quarters,
4253 But I'm talking about a roof over your head, and food on your plate.
4254 If they're making their money out of promoting the company that pays them the most money, consumers have got to know that,
4255 We continue to urge state and territory governments to assess individual gas development applications on a case-by-case basis. We also suggest they actively manage tenements to prevent `warehousing' of gas, and that they coordinate the development of pipeline and storage infrastructure to avoid unnecessary duplication.
4256 We also remind health insurers of the need to keep their policy holders appropriately informed about any changes, including any impact on their coverage and entitlements.
4257 Do not mislead consumers.
4258 The code of conduct we recommended was to have quite clear processes to take things down, and for those processes to be monitored by ACMA. This is an example of the sort of thing to be taken down,
4259 There is a clear public interest in health authorities and hospitals responding to this pandemic in a cooperative, transparent and efficient way,
4260 We brought this case because we consider that Trivago's conduct was particularly egregious. Many consumers may have been tricked by these price displays into thinking they were getting great discounts. In fact, Trivago wasn't comparing apples with apples when it came to room type for these room rate comparisons,
4261 New home sales are likely to fall drastically in the coming months as potential buyers hunker down in the homes that they want to move out of,
4262 So overall, it could be a very bad year for the U.S. economy,
4263 It is important that before we put everybody back to work that we feel like we have the public health situation under control,
4264 However, the Fed and other policymakers face an even bigger challenge. They must ensure that the economic damage from the pandemic is not long-lasting.
4265 The potential benefits of retaining employees during episodes such as the current pandemic seems to represent are especially large,
4266 clothing, footwear, and personal accessories
4267 Today, we see as never before the risks faced by countries with inadequate health care unable to respond to emerging threats. The crisis in Russia could be less severe if we had, for example, a more advanced system for diagnosing diseases,
4268 We call on Assad and on Russia, because Russia provides support to the regime, to stop these attacks, to respect international law and to fully support the UN efforts to try to find a peaceful solution,
4269 We already do a lot,
4270 the year when we took big steps in further adapting NATO. It was also the year we marked our 70th anniversary
4271 This is most comprehensive polling about NATO we ever conducted,
4272 We went in together in 2001, we are going to adjust [ troop levels ] together and when the time is right, we are going to leave together, but we are only going to leave when conditions are right,
4273 We also call on Russia and the Syrian regime to fully respect international law,
4274 The SSC-8 is just one challenge we face,
4275 The threats and the challenges we are faced with don't disappear because of the COVID-19 crisis, Stoltenberg said at the press conference. Terrorist activities carried out by al-Qaida and ISIS continue,
4276 We want to assure the public that we have sufficient stocks of cash.
4277 The central bank has always been in the market during good times or bad times, during capital outflows from coronavirus that affected market stability,
4278 we've got to have everyone's brains and voices in the game,
4279 Where paid sick and family leave is not among standard benefits, governments should consider funding it to allow unwell workers or their caregivers to stay home without fear of losing their jobs during the epidemic,
4280 Trade and industry are increasingly realising the value of futures contracts as a transparent way for better price discovery and risk mitigation and also as a hedge against uncertain market outcomes in a volatile global supply-chain setting,
4281 the vast majority of it comes from our downgrade for India.
4282 can lift confidence and support financial markets.
4283 this year the global economy will experience its worst recession since the Great Depression, surpassing that seen during the global financial crisis a decade ago.
4284 We see India recovering. There is significant recovery coming in the next fiscal year.
4285 First, how do you help people make it through this period? The people who're directly affected need us to take care of them.
4286 I wrote about it on Monday, September 10, and the next day, the story was forgotten,
4287 `I'm just glad I can afford to quadruple down,' Mr. Icahn said.
4288 We are pleased to have reached this settlement and can now focus on working with Steve Chazen to enhance value for all Oxy stockholders.
4289 In the middle years of our life I found myself in a dark wood,
4290 is f -- ing impossible,
4291 It's a game where you can't see your opponents, not a test of solitary confinement!
4292 We filmed all four versions of the show in the same apartment block in a town called Salford in Manchester in the United Kingdom. And for each version -- the Brazilian, the American, the French, the British version -- we had to sort of design personal touches that made it feel like home for everyone who was living in there.
4293 I've enjoyed all our time working together, and I'm going to miss her,
4294 passengers have little recourse as a practical matter,
4295 strongly suggest that claims will fall again next week, to perhaps 3.5 mln
4296 It's too early at this point but it all depends on how the global pandemic plays out and whether we get another credit crisis.
4297 The collapse in manufacturing output was much bigger than the 3.5% drops in September and December 2008, the worst months of the Great Recession,
4298 will pull the rug from under some firms, while others will limit hiring and capex later this year,
4299 All we can say with any confidence at this point is that if markets remain at or close to their current levels, you should expect to see an abrupt deterioration in business and consumer sentiment over the next couple of months,
4300 The coronavirus is likely to start hitting job growth very soon, as hiring is scaled back and layoffs rise,
4301 The number of cases per million is now much higher than in Italy, and, at 941 yesterday, it will soon shoot above Hubei's 1,185,
4302 The headline jump is noise,
4303 That bar has not been met,
4304 There will be a period where racing will more than likely have to stop,
4305 No one needs to spend the day at the beach or the weekend touring around regional Victoria. This will only spread the virus and more people will die,
4306 The T20 World Cup is going to be an amazing event and the anticipation is building for what should be a globe-stopping final at the MCG.
4307 We need to take a very lateral view of the world and adapt how we see fit.
4308 Typically what's happened in the past is that there might be a short-term impact from an epidemic or pandemic, but in the long term, there seems to be little influence,
4309 the official delusional mantra.
4310 Virtual Care is crucial for public health and to help flatten the curve of the Coronavirus' impact. We are proud to be assisting VitalTech in launching this initiative in a concerted effort to provide peace of mind and protect the health of residents in senior living communities or a home.
4311 And yet once some money is dangled in front of local councils, they tend to forget their obligation to due diligence and grab it, and that seems to be the case with the pilot training school,
4312 bitcoin is our savior.
4313 Remember: billionaires think of gold and silver the way the unemployed think about toilet paper,
4314 After this acquisition, I think it will be hard for CoinMarketCap to stay neutral.
4315 Forget about the global insurrection against banker occupation; let's talk about [ the ] bankster (banker and gangster) global peasant uprising.
4316 Certainly, we need to maintain macroeconomic stability in order to achieve goals named [ by the Russian President in the State of the Nation Address-TASS ]. It means to accumulate extra revenues to discharge assumed obligations, clearly prioritize budget expenditures and keep inflation within predetermined parameters-not above 4%,
4317 are in keeping with the recommendations of the World Health Organization and are of temporary character.
4318 At the same time, there were precedents last week that saw the leaders of some regions close their administrative borders, preventing the movement of people and transport onto their territory,
4319 The money and resources earmarked for the National Projects, must work primarily for the Russian economy, and first and foremost go to the development of domestic machine building, and other hi-tech industries,
4320 The government of the Russian Federation determines: to approve the attached list of sectors of the Russian economy that have been most affected as the situation deteriorated as a result of the coronavirus infection spread,
4321 We continue to take measures to mitigate the negative impact of coronavirus on the Russian economy, including a priority action plan.... In the coming days, a set of additional measures should be prepared that will allow us to cope with this serious threat. It includes new measures to support small and medium-sized enterprises, the construction industry, additional measures for import substitution,
4322 The so-called `long' money is required for a stable investment inflow, for economic growth. That is one of the Central Bank's most important tasks. The government's financial and economic bloc will, of course, provide support and actively participate in it as previously,
4323 The order was signed today and has taken effect,
4324 City Hall fails to act.
4325 We need a different way to pay for things,
4326 Big business needs to pay its fair share,
4327 Immediately Enact a Rent Freeze Through the Rest of 2020
4328 Given what we know about the staggering costs of those authorizations, some of which remain in effect, and of the cost of wars waged without Congressional authorization, it is vital that Congress assert its constitutional authority over engagement of U.S. armed forces in hostilities.
4329 some people, including somebody who's actually running for president, who think we ought to close all the nuclear plants in the country.
4330 The most feared and hated man in New Hampshire!
4331 I have learned of similar irregularities in the intra - and inter-agency processes associated with the preparation of a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking of the Strengthening Transparency in Regulatory Science Rule -- the so-called secret science rule,
4332 It has also protected Delaware's three billion dollar tourism economy, which relies on these birds and the thousands of tourists they attract each year. As climate change continues to threaten entire species of birds and their habitats, we ought to be thinking of ways we can better protect them. Instead, the Trump administration is putting the interests of industry over the health of our planet and those we share it with.
4333 We know that we can't reopen our economy until we have the public health crisis under control, and effective widespread testing and the ability to track this virus is going to be key to that effort.
4334 We had a similar situation in Iraq,
4335 Whenever I do, I make a point to go by the Vietnam Memorial, and I run my hand along the names of the 55,000 men and women who died in that war. They died, and many of us risked our lives, over a war that was premised on a lie. In August 1964, then-President Lyndon B. Johnson announced that the North Vietnamese had engaged the U.S. Navy in the Gulf of Tonkin and asked Congress to pass a resolution supporting retaliatory attacks. The following day, he added these words to his request: `the United States intends no rashness, and seeks no wider war.' His administration went on to justify an almost decade long war on the basis of that document.
4336 lobbying and by legislators' need for deep-pocketed backers.
4337 The committee will continue to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 on banks and supervisors and respond as necessary in coordination with the Financial Stability Board and other standard-setting bodies on cross-cutting issues.
4338 The key outlook issue now is gauging the depth and the duration of the 2020 recession.
4339 We flag the risk of further downward revisions given significant uncertainty around the economic impact of the coronavirus shock,
4340 The merger of these three insurance companies would have adverse impact on the Centre's flagship schemes such as Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY), Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana (PMSBY), Pradhan Mantri Jeewan Jyoti Bima Yojana (PMJJBY) and Pradahan Mantri Jan Aarogay Yojana (PMJAY),
4341 But more needs to be done to improve trust. Because once trust is gone, it's gone.
4342 This discussion is taking place between the Reserve Bank and Treasury and in the international forums I go to with other central bank governors-it's something we talk about a lot,
4343 major hit to the economy
4344 This reflects the fact that the discounts offered to lenders' standard variable rates have risen over recent years, and these discounts tend to be fixed for the life of the loan -- what might have once seemed a big discount might not be so big now,
4345 remains prepared to ease monetary policy further if needed to support sustainable growth in the economy, full employment and the achievement of the inflation target over time.
4346 significant areas of uncertainty,
4347 While infrastructure spending is at a high level, the rate of growth in that spending is diminishing,
4348 The coronavirus remains first and foremost a very major public health issue, but it is also having very significant effects on economies and financial systems around the world,
4349 Transportation, tourism, small business-all have been affected. Customers do not spend their money on expensive consumer goods, including cars,
4350 Vulnerable groups in our society are the most exposed under this Covid-19 crisis,
4351 We are doing our part to assist in this fight against Covid-19
4352 We're pleased agencies have been able to assist us to show a large proportion of the New Zealand Upgrade programme on the latest Infrastructure Pipeline,
4353 enhance the productivity and the ability for our backbone industries to expand
4354 Increased government spending should be first directed to the health sector, tackling virus outbreaks and supporting research,
4355 However, in this globally connected economy and society, the coronavirus and its economic and social fallout is everyone's problem, even if firms decide in the wake of this virus shock to repatriate production and make it a bit less interdependent.
4356 This is a crucial time for Ireland and the focus for the incoming government should be to keep the economy on a solid track.
4357 It's a very unusual situation and it's changing day by day.
4358 Privacy, for us, it's kind of core to the experience that users have,
4359 accommodate up to 5,000 employees.
4360 reflected in our content acquisition costs
4361 The Policy Weapon Climate Activists Need,
4362 The United States is an aging society. That means the growth of our labor force will be slower in the future than it has been in the past.
4363 Transnational logistics will become more difficult. As an export-nation, Germany is particularly affected.
4364 The crisis is causing massive distortions in the labor market that are worse even than conditions at the height of the financial crisis,
4365 We are talking about the coming months, or I am talking about the coming months, on the possibility of further stimulus,
4366 less V-shaped than one would like
4367 We are the largest employee-owned business in the UK and amongst the largest in the world. We are to all intents and purposes a social enterprise.
4368 We would expect world growth would be lower than it otherwise would be, and that has a knock-on effect on the UK.
4369 at the minimum there would need to be an amendment
4370 The Bank of England's role is to help UK businesses and households manage through an economic shock that could prove large and sharp, but should be temporary.
4371 It is not desirable at all to align our approaches,
4372 We need to stop using `security analyst' as a general role,
4373 And since they've already destroyed one generation of savers, they have convinced the next one that it is good and virtuous to have less, to have lowered expectations, to eat bugs and fake meat and all the rest of it.
4374 Inflation targeting has proven to be a framework for all seasons, an essential part of a robust foundation for economic prosperity
4375 over the relative merits of near term stimulus to reinforce the expected recovery in U.K. growth and inflation.
4376 sluggish, slack has been growing, and inflation is below target
4377 If evidence builds that the weakness in activity could persist, risk management considerations would favour a relatively prompt response,
4378 The reduction in bank rate will help bolster confidence at this difficult time,
4379 At this point, it is difficult to assess the magnitude of the economic effects, but this new source of uncertainty is something I will be carefully monitoring.
4380 The fact that the Fed saw it as necessary to act with the meeting just three days away speaks to the urgency of the matter. The broad-spectrum of tools engaged shows the Fed is contending with more than just an economic shock.
4381 There could be spillover to the U.S. economy
4382 guarantees sick leave only to about 20 percent of private-sector workers.
4383 If the rest of the population knew what we knew, and knew there was no real financial constraint on government spending, then they would put too much pressure on politicians to build good hospitals and fund education.
4384 Reclaiming the State: A Progressive Vision of Sovereignty for a Post-Neoliberal World.
4385 In addition to being an exemplary Secretary to the Fund, he has led in many other policy and operational areas with vision, enthusiasm, and innovation.
4386 Countries urgently need to work together to slow the spread of the virus and to develop a vaccine and therapies to counter the disease,
4387 It is very good that there is now a truce and a pathway to peace,
4388 We are likely to downgrade our growth projections for the world,
4389 Growth this year will fall below the level of last year,
4390 We are now in recession. It is way worse than the global financial crisis,
4391 For that reason, we are providing funding very quickly.
4392 This facility could provide about USD 40 billion for emerging markets that could potentially approach us for financial support. We also have the Catastrophe Containment and Relief Trust the CCRT which provides eligible countries with up-front grants for relief on IMF debt service falling due,
4393 COVID-19 is a stark reminder of how a fragile recovery could be threatened by unforeseen events,
4394 at least as bad during the global financial crisis or worse.
4395 preparedness, prevention, early action... has to get into the bloodstream of policymakers, it is, whether it is pandemics or a climate shock or geopolitical tension.
4396 In the context of adverse global developments, Haiti is facing financing constraints, which complicate the provision of the most basic healthcare measures and will require the support of international stakeholders,
4397 We have not reached a turning point yet,
4398 My top of mind this week: As trade tensions receded, we upgraded our growth projections for China for 2020: now coronavirus puts this at risk. More uncertainty seems to be the new normal and we all need to adjust to live with it.
4399 knocking on the IMF door for lifelines,
4400 But this is not nearly enough. The private sector can do more, and I believe it will in the days ahead. Why? Because the price of inaction is too high.
4401 avoid a scarring of the economy that would make the recovery so much more difficult.
4402 uncertainty is becoming the new normal,
4403 more dire scenarios where the spread of the virus continues for longer and more globally
4404 All of our stores in China and many of our partner stores have been closed,
4405 intellectually consistent throughout my career.
4406 It is shocking for us. We manage our property for its environmental values,
4407 I think (Fitzpatrick's) a good fit for our team coming back,
4408 I have no interest in selling the team... I'm going to own it until I die.
4409 We're at the stage trying to really build a team for the future,
4410 It is unacceptable that Wetherspoons has refused to pay its 40,000 employees until it receives its Government loan-potentially in late April - after first refusing to lock down altogether. If bosses disregard employees' wellbeing then the Government should take tougher action to force compliance.
4411 crucial that companies such as JD Wetherspoons and Sports Direct do all they can to ensure their workers are properly protected and get the pay to which they are entitled
4412 proved ineffective in tackling the issues that persist within the bailiff industry
4413 Death and rape threats are a daily occurrence for women MPs [... ] I am not surprised that many women are leaving politics,
4414 one of the biggest, dirtiest fossil fuel companies on the planet
4415 you have no social licence
4416 Turkey should and will benefit from plummeting prices as a major gas importer. The current and prospective production conditions will enable Turkey to diversify its suppliers. It has remarkably empowered the infrastructure for LNG,
4417 The situation we are witnessing today seems to have no equal in oil market history,
4418 extensive know-how and deep pockets
4419 When we look back at 2020, we may see it was the worst year in the history of oil markets and the second quarter may have been the worst of the lot,
4420 could threaten their long-term social acceptability and profitability
4421 We are preparing a detailed response to claims made by Jim McColl at this week's committee. Ministers regularly accept formal requests from committees to give evidence and the Minister for Energy, Connectivity and the Islands has already agreed to do so.
4422 who was often aggressive, who was often bullying, who was now forcibly trying it on with me for what had felt like a very long time.
4423 I also deeply regret the distress and difficulties which have been caused, but given the reference to the SLCC it would not be appropriate for me to comment further.
4424 I don't agree that it was entirely inappropriate, but I would not do it again.
4425 incident has developed in the course of time
4426 We're groomed to deal with adrenaline, anxiety, bear markets and bull markets,
4427 Things are sort of seamless, as far as speed and execution go,
4428 Africa needs massive private capital investment to enable us drive the sectors that will develop the economy, especially sectors like power. Access to electricity is very critical if we are to develop our continent,
4429 By July and August, most of the businesses that haven't failed will be coming back on line. The small business lending is helpful. More helpful in appearance than in practice, I think it's going to be really hard for them to scale and get this money out there fast enough.
4430 Either way the economy will suffer. We assume these financial fault lines are not severe or persistent enough to materially weaken the economy. However, this is an increasingly tough assumption to make,
4431 If Donald Trump were elected president and put in his stated policies, the United States would experience a lengthy recession, enormous job losses, much higher interest rates, and diminished long-term growth prospects.
4432 The question is, what's the end result of all that? In all likelihood, the recession will trump the lower rates.
4433 If re-elected, the President will pursue more tax cuts and will not pursue significant entitlement reform,
4434 We're going to get much weaker job numbers going forward,
4435 They're at least even odds,
4436 It's on the front line of the fallout,
4437 The other aspect of that is it makes it difficult for first-time homebuyers to get in,
4438 A global recession is likely if Covid-19 becomes a pandemic, and the odds of that are uncomfortably high and rising with infections surging in Italy and Korea,
4439 Recently, it hasn't. He's in fact, as of late, done less to instill confidence and more to upset investors. They don't view his actions as very productive in terms of this crisis. It's worked against him.
4440 It's money for people who have lost their jobs and [ are ] not getting a paycheck. And it's lots of money upfront rather than having it dribble out over time.
4441 the economic people can do what they can to mitigate the damage.
4442 let the stock market take care of itself.
4443 The fact is: Donald Trump doesn't know what's going to happen to the market nor the spread of the virus, and they need to admit that uncertainty. You have to be able to communicate your uncertainty to the public.
4444 Reviewing membership at regular intervals ensures that the membership base remains in keeping with the Bank's global profile and its mandate to promote global monetary and financial stability.
4445 Three is a long two-decade history of poaching on this OF's premises. Since this area is insulated for outsiders three is little that outsiders can do to curb it. There is often nexus between poachers from nearby villages with some low-rung staffers of the factory, who get bush meat from the poachers.
4446 The IPCC and the former US vice-president Al Gore were awarded the 2007 Nobel for their efforts to expand knowledge about anthropogenic climate change and lay the foundations for counteracting it.
4447 We need an extended version of the swap lines we saw in 2008,
4448 This is obviously untargeted and regressive and will not solve the problem of those most severely hit,
4449 In the bilateral evaluation and dispute resolution chapter, the agreement also makes it clear that, if the concerns cannot be resolved, the two parties hold the right to suspend an obligation, adopt a remedial measure, or in the worst case, withdraw from the agreement,
4450 We need that learning: fiscally sustainable health care is not just about budgeting affordable amounts; it is about hitting those targets.
4451 abrogate the independence of Information Commissioners.
4452 It is a direct correlation to what is happening in the smartphone industry,
4453 Since the COVID-19 outbreak, the closing of international borders followed by the near-complete domestic lockdown has led to MSMEs facing a sharp demand depression and a massive cash crunch,
4454 Cheetah which derives from the Sanskrit `chitra' (speckled) is the only mammal hunted to extinction in modern India.
4455 In the past five months, no meaningful political activity has taken place in Jammu and Kashmir. The Congress party wants that meaningful political activities start in Jammu and Kashmir immediately. Political tourism of taking envoys to Jammu and Kashmir should stop,
4456 we cannot be seen to be insensitive to the sentiments of the majority community.
4457 Another issue, a major concern of course is that reservations have been made for airline flights, hotels, and so on, but we are looking into these little aspects,
4458 To make every learner a proficient reader, schools across the country are tasked to help learners develop their reading skills,
4459 Not knowing how to read is different from being illite  rate,
4460 Economists have long thought `the more, the better' , when it comes to information,
4461 They're just going to be more difficult to discern from the statistical victims. If you ignore the impact on quality of life -- which is potentially an immense thing that should be taken into account -- we don't really understand what the impact of the economy on mortality.
4462 happy to meet Gorbachov, already at work to dismantle the USSR.
4463 Home prices have risen solidly. And last year's loan limits were lagging behind this trend. The latest adjustments are just to keep pace,
4464 The missed payments are not forgiveness but are tacked on at the other side of the life of the loan,
4465 SARS was barely a blip in the U.S. real estate market,
4466 We are still lacking in inventory. Inventory availability will be the key to consistent future gains.
4467 The monetary policy change is the same one applied a decade ago during the Great Recession - the lowest rates combined with quantitative easing. This is an all-out measure to prevent a recession and fight the fear that is blanketing the country. It is the right policy, since the policy can easily be reversed should a vaccine be discovered or the virus goes away.
4468 largest economic shock of our lifetimes
4469 The oil market is now faced with two highly uncertain bearish shocks with the clear outcome of a sharp price sell-off,
4470 This cost is over and above the general crisis which was already there and would resume if the lockdown was completely lifted,
4471 For Liam to give me this chance again it just shows what a great guy he is and how he cares about the music and the real stuff in life,
4472 Rite sick of pleading begging etc no more olive branches,
4473 The only way this lockdown can get any worse is if the ice cream vans start booting round the streets blasting Rkid's new tunes out hehe.
4474 It is gon na happen, believe you me-it's gon na happen very f ****** soon because he's greedy and he loves money and he knows that it's got to happen soon or it won't happen.
4475 So he's just enjoying himself at this point.
4476 I am waiting for protocols for me yo start work. As of now, there is no communication from the government,
4477 It wasn  t doing badly when he came in, that  s not true, but I think it  s done better than most of this group (those at the WEF) would have expected. It  s been a good 10 years and his 3 years probably better than expected.
4478 This is already shaping up as the deepest dive on record for the global economy for over 100 years,
4479 One can only assume that Mnuchin has to deal with vastly more unpredictability from his boss than Hank Paulson ever did,
4480 no country in the IMF has the right to veto
4481 Over $100 billion in energy projects have been cancelled since 2017. With each cancellation, well-remunerated job opportunities disappear, and government revenues evaporate. Nobody wins,
4482 The anticipation is that they will finish the season,
4483 The issue with monetary policy tools is that for them to work effectively, you need to have room to reduce rates by 400 to 500 basis points. With rates already so low around the world, these policies are hard to be effective.
4484 The revenues and earnings for the majority of businesses over the next year or so will be extremely poor, and in some cases disastrous, but for companies with strong balance sheets, dominant market positions, and which do not need access to capital, the virus will likely only disrupt the next 12 to 24 months of cash flows,
4485 you're crazy, you're an alarmist,
4486 Take the Tesla factory and turn it into a ventilator factory.
4487 increasingly positive on equity and credit markets,
4488 Spread the message if you agree.
4489 We have done so because we believe that efforts to contain the coronavirus are likely to have a substantial negative impact on the U.S. and global economies, and on equity and credit markets,
4490 there is zero probability of default
4491 Creative destruction is the principal driving force of economic progress, the `perennial gale' that uproots businesses -- and lives -- but that, in the process, creates a more productive economy.
4492 There's something deeply problematic in the business model if you think of it as a loss leader or not a moneymaker,
4493 Every three months there is a jodh which are visits of members from different parts of cities, states, to deliberate over their work in their zones. At the same time, foreigners also reach there. All this information was furnished to local police and authorities. They asked permission to go home but local authorities didn't allow them. Whose fault is this,
4494 Given the world we find ourselves in right now, we want to help how we know best -- so we can play through this together.
4495 In terms of public and government relations, for a laboratory it is logical to say `we are health actors and we'll take care of you, '
4496 The economy started at a great place.
4497 Additional money would not be required [ for the project ] for at least two or three years.
4498 If it lasts a year,
4499 Sammy was the first player to say yes to visit Pakistan. He is the most loved and cheered foreign cricketer in Pakistan,
4500 The President's decision to give Pakistan the highest civilian award is truly a reflection of the feelings and feelings of those who love cricket and Pakistan. Of course, the services of this man are unforgettable for cricket's return to Pakistan,
4501 We will be watching for signs of extrapolative expectations returning to certain major housing markets -- in other words, froth.
4502 But things haven't strayed too far south suggesting markets have seemingly found a tentative geopolitical risk balance. On the one hand, we are only 48 hours away from what appeared to be a full-blown U.S.-Iran war, so it's difficult to be cheerful, especially given the existing levels of risk.
4503 I hope this process sparks conversations and encourages us all to learn more about our great country and its remarkable people,
4504 Our analysis suggested that overall excess capacity in the Canadian economy has increased, which will bring a degree of downward pressure on inflation,
4505 These are not knife-edge things. You need a persistent period of excess supply or excess demand in order to turn that series into a different trend line. We haven't had anything like that.
4506 On the surface, there has been some improvement on this front lately, although it remains to be seen whether this will lead to a recovery of trade and investment,
4507 The balance of risks still tilts towards easing this spring, but the calculus of near-term risks versus longer-term ones is sure to be sparking lively discussions at the Bank of Canada ahead of next Wednesday's communications and rate decision.
4508 This is certainly welcome and timely given how dramatically events have deteriorated this week,
4509 ensure their children are on a path to success by paving it for them.
4510 First our locals (citizens) can get fresh (goods) at a lower price, that is important and if there is excess (from local consumption) we can export, which is also important (to the economy),
4511 For most Americans, a stock price increase is pretty immaterial to their well-being,
4512 I want to be very clear on that. That's not what we're saying.
4513 It will take time for researchers, a good many of them who are our colleagues, to understand enough about this disease to mount a reliable defense against it. Now more than ever, we must do our utmost to protect those among us who are most vulnerable, whether physically or emotionally, and to treat one another with generosity and respect.
4514 The fact remains that Exxon still provides investors no assurance that it has a strategy consistent with the goals of the Paris Agreement and continues to lag behind its peers,
4515 The ambition to reduce net carbon intensity by at least 50% by 2050 takes into account scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, from initial production to final consumption,
4516 Repsol has shown the net zero 2050 ambition we need,
4517 This is really the last chance for the very poorest performers.
4518 Case numbers are surging across the continent and some fiscally challenged countries, such as Italy and Spain, are being badly hit,
4519 We look for unemployment to rise to 10.0% in the Eurozone, and rise to 6.5% in the UK. In most advanced economies, GDP looks set to contract by 5-10%.
4520 By and large, we expect GDP to surpass its late-2019 level roughly two years after the trough.
4521 are less unhappy and shocked than people who have been fired,
4522 From what the Minister [ Trades and Industry Ministry ] said, I don't believe that all 275 factories will be ready. Keep in mind that it is not the government that is producing the factories. It is the private sector and you cannot force them to produce the factories. You can only facilitate. If you look at the two, then it is not possible to say that you can deliver because it is not upon you. You are facilitating
4523 Get it out of your heads, Kenya is no longer a Third World country. Your attitudes and approaches out there should not be of one from just another Third World country.
4524 If you look at the [ markets ], it's almost reminiscent of the last financial crisis. But if these firms are able to lock in money, I would say that's sort of tentatively good news,
4525 In essence as long as the Reserve Bank does its job, GDP growth remains more or less the same.
4526 We're going to have to develop a national capacity to deal with this kind of disaster and that will be costly,
4527 It's not abstract. It's people not being able to provide for their families because these systems are down.
4528 That is absolutely, undeniably true.
4529 That really, really matters because we are facing something like we've never seen before.
4530 That is why I prioritized advancing equity as a central framework for governance last year. By developing the capacity to recognize the barriers that marginalized and vulnerable populations face in trying to thrive, we can deliver public policy that is responsive to all and not only to those with power and influence. I am excited about what we are doing right here in Arlington, but my aspirations in: housing, transportation connectivity, sustainability, resilience, and human development exceed our ability to achieve needed results alone. I will look to multiply our efforts through collaboration with our fellow Northern Virginia jurisdictions, our neighbors in the national capital region and with our state government.
4531 The elephant in the room is the bureaucracy,
4532 This is about finding a way to manage through a couple of tricky months.
4533 To create new European debt instruments, you need either capital, guarantees or the assignment of future tax revenues and a functioning legal and administrative system. So it's best to use the existing institutions and tools, which have successfully raised large sums of money on the market for years,
4534 Whoever works in systemically relevant professions and is dependent on rail travel should be able to do so without drawbacks,
4535 everything -- and that means everything -- that customers want transported,
4536 And why did I feel the need to create a fictional event when there were so many real horrors that existed? After all, it is true that Nazis perpetrated widespread and extreme acts of sadism and torture -- and even incidents of cruel `games' -- against their victims. I simply did not want to depict those specific, real acts of trauma.
4537 My grandmother was a holocaust survivor. When me and my brother were incredibly young, she would tell us stories about her experiences in the camps. To me it felt like the stuff of comic books and superheroes, and that become the lens through which I saw the world. Growing up, getting older I struggled with the notion of birth right and legacy and responsibility. With so many survivors no longer with us it becomes the onus for the next generation to tell the story in certain ways. With Jonah's journey in the show, his access point is comic books and superheroes. For me it is a love letter to my grandmother. It is an exploration of my birth right. It is this desire to wear that vigilante cape to get justice. I just really wanted to see a Jewish superhero and superheroes represented by so many others in this eclectic kind of way.
4538 I don't think I've ever truly embraced [ my hair loss ], but I've definitely reached a place of acceptance and peace,
4539 In terms of financial stability, I think that there will be an impetus to look at market-based finance and regulatory approaches so that if there is another shock then the central bank doesn't have to come in and backstop everything,
4540 Over the last couple of years, FMCG companies have not been about topline growth but about margin expansion and profitability,
4541 Since 2001, both airlines have witnessed the significant benefits codeshare cooperation has brought, providing passengers with unrivaled service and seamless connections. The expansion of codeshare cooperation between Qatar Airways and Malaysia Airlines is a natural next step in the strengthening of our close partnership.
4542 We decided to combine the opening of our new, exclusive Lancme Pop-Up at Hamad International Airport with Shop Qatar's Chinese New Year celebrations to demonstrate our commitment to welcoming even more passengers from China to Qatar this year,
4543 These state-of-the-art facilities will dramatically increase capacity for our supporters who have specific needs and will importantly provide more choice on where they want to sit in the stadium.
4544 This remains a broad policy guide which could change in either direction from meeting to meeting in response to new developments and changing data and risks,
4545 Despite a rebound in local GDP in the second quarter of 2019, GDP contracted in the third quarter. The fourth quarter is expected to show some positive growth.
4546 The technical recession of the latter half of 2019 contributed to the lower economic growth forecast,
4547 Monetary policy actions will continue to focus on anchoring inflation expectations near the mid-point of the inflation target range in the interest of balanced and sustainable growth. In this persistently uncertain environment, future policy decisions will continue to be highly data-dependent, sensitive to the balance of risks to the outlook, and will seek to look-through temporary price shocks.
4548 We fully support the decision of the NHL to pause the 2019-20 season,
4549 We should be worried about emerging markets,
4550 going to mean both worse public services going forward, including potentially critical stuff for dealing with public health emergencies like public hospitals and clinics, and a loss of income for the companies and workers that produce this stuff,
4551 He noted that the University's endowment was one-fourth the size of Harvard's, and on a per student basis, it significantly trails that of Princeton and Yale. He commented that this was a challenge that the University has faced for a long time, but the situation had been moving in a much better direction over the past few years. He also observed that in terms of the ratio between eminence and resources, the University was punching above its weight. He spoke of the challenge of translating this increased eminence into additional resources, and suggested several means of accomplishing this, involving master's degree programs and offerings for non-traditional students, along with other types of opportunities. He added that he would much rather pursue this approach, rather than embarking upon an austerity strategy.
4552 It has often been said over the last several weeks on media by many that COVID-19 is not a short-term event,
4553 While our staffing remains solid at this point, we believe the time is now to ensure the entire City and all of our combined resources are focused on flattening the curve. Please help fight COVID-19. Please share and support our brave health care workers and everyone working to fight this virus.
4554 I recall listening to last year's winners present their essays at a Council meeting, and their words and sense of civic pride were so moving,
4555 Japan's treatment of Ghosn stands out for its brazen ruthlessness, even more so because it happened in one of the world's most advanced democracies.
4556 It's the difference between a trained army vs. a neighborhood posse,
4557 The climate [ of tensions ] between heads of state and government and the lack of European solidarity pose a mortal danger to the European Union.
4558 The germ is back,
4559 Think about how big the unemployment shock was in 2008, and we didn't see a big realignment,
4560 You can bid on certain special items or experiences to be redeemed at a future date or some of them are retail items. All 100 percent of the proceeds, again go towards that GoFundMe. I'm also looking into putting a charitable widget onto our retail that would benefit an organization that helps the children of restaurant workers. I'm looking into a million different directions and things.
4561 adapt to a wider variety of customer situations
4562 In terms of access to food I'm not overly concerned yet because inventories are quite high for most of these products,
4563 In the long-term we will still have a housing shortage, so by continuing to acquire difficult sites and addressing the barriers which have previously stopped them moving into production, we're making sure we can deliver on the agency's mission to accelerate the construction of new homes while addressing the short-term disruption caused by the impact of coronavirus.
4564 It has been a true privilege to serve SES in these different roles and I want to thank our shareholders for their continued support.
4565 On one level, I feel like there's a lot more enthusiasm around addressing sample variability,
4566 The economy can operate with lower unemployment than we might've thought several years ago.
4567 There is nothing fundamentally wrong with the U.S. economy,
4568 We need to be nimble and we need to be alert not only to U.S. but global circumstances,
4569 providing support to the economy and helping to keep the U.S. outlook on track,
4570 I just want to say thank you, first of all, to God for making everything possible,
4571 Now more than ever, we know that home is the most important place in the world,
4572 It's very delicate at the moment but you can take it that everybody sees that they (UEFA) will have skin in the game here,
4573 That was reflected in the meetings with ourselves, the bankers and UEFA. We recognise this new situation and we wanted to be part of the solution, rather than be at loggerheads with the old FAI,
4574 They are taking on an association with a debt of  60 million, they're taking on a formidable challenge but we think that their advent, which has been sought for a very long time and which has been resisted by the FAI for a very long time, will mean that those who are creditors and stakeholders will take great encouragement.
4575 is not a bailout by any standard
4576 It is great news for Irish football
4577 These things are clearly pretty broad, especially in places that were impacted very hard by the great recession. The latest data on real wages shows they are 4 percent lower today then they were in February 2008, even though the recovery has happened.
4578 That big dream they had about themselves, that they were finally going to write the great American novel or become a big pop superstar, it disappears. They start to accept that their lives are probably as good as they're going to get, and that's OK.
4579 When I first started dancing, they used to call me Bahamas. Then I was at a dance one night and another dancer said she wanted to clash me, and after it finished the selector was like, `No my girl, ah you a Isis, you suicidal' ,
4580 And when the vote did not go the way the administration wanted, then the administration did not recognize the results.
4581 He's got a moderate presentation for a progressive message and a number of those states on Super Tuesday are good states for him.
4582 If employment became an issue, that would definitely increase insolvency rates.
4583 set her [ mother ] off.
4584 Not just in L.A., but San Francisco also.
4585 The reality is that Iran's regional behavior is not going to meaningfully change until at a minimum there is a different supreme leader, and perhaps not even until there is a different government altogether in Tehran,
4586 The predictions of today mean little; the impact of Soleimani's death will take years to play out. Iranians warn of more bloodshed, while many Syrians and Iraqis are rejoicing that the man they hold directly responsible for countless civilian casualties is no longer around,
4587 The Iranian regime's inadvertent murder of 176 people -- most of them Iranian -- in the tragic plane accident may limit their ability to further avenge Soleimani's death,
4588 The results of this paper suggest that long-term exposure to air pollution increases vulnerability to experiencing the most severe COVID-19 outcomes,
4589 Well, it makes me mad!
4590 You may be popular initially because of politics and ideology but if the economy slows down, you will be losing your popularity,
4591 China accounts for about two-thirds of global growth,
4592 if you essentially kick the can down the road like Italy did, and you don't do radical compulsory lockdowns,
4593 In a globalised world where there is transparent information on the gulf between the `haves and the `have-nots' , we will continue to see discontent, with far-reaching consequences for economic,
4594 It's a great time to pick up bargains in markets like India,
4595 Muslims are a different category
4596 Some crazy people abroad and some equally crazy people in India
4597 There is nothing to hide... our economy is not good. I have been writing to Prime Minister Narendra Modi about its fallout, but nobody pays attention to what I say... Policies adopted by the finance ministry has resulted into reduction in growth rate, as a result of which, unemployment has gone up and inflation too,
4598 Retroactive tax deductions are always a bad idea -- a giveaway that gets you nothing -- and this one goes almost entirely to household on at least $100,000 a year,
4599 If that happens, the recession will needlessly drag on. As the government throws away its credibility, it destroys its ability to prevent an ongoing downturn.
4600 a federal strategic toilet paper reserve be created -- millions, even billions of rolls of toilet tissue buried somewhere impenetrable and secure to reassure Americans there is toilet tissue for all in America -- no need to surge into stores to grasp for every last roll.
4601 Second and more importantly, it is in clear defiance of God and to the constitution because it will terribly degrade the sacrosanct nature of marriage as an inviolable institution.
4602 Then came the excessive coughing, vomiting and diarrhoea. I couldn't breathe in for more than a second without getting excruciating chest pain. That was the point that the paramedics were called to the house and I was taken to hospital. This probably saved my life. I was struggling to breath and didn't have much fight in me.
4603 These are truly stunning statistics that tell you the severity of the situation,
4604 To track the impact of the virus on the global economy, we have had to look at indicators I have never looked at before in my 25 years of doing macroeconomic forecasting,
4605 We're asking that only pensioners with an urgent need go to the banks,
4606 What if the pandemic had arrived five years after a round of successful bans on plastic bags had altered the plastics supply chain and driven the bags altogether out of ordinary, accessible production?
4607 While keeping this important data secure and private, operators could work with governments and leading mobile Internet companies across the world to develop an electronic `passport' , and provide more precise epidemic prevention guidelines. With the `passport' generated by this app, governments could, in a fluid and timely fashion, set travel, isolation and preventative regulations (like, the requirement to wear a mask) with view to the developing situation in each region,
4608 expects a very quick and strong recovery of domestic travel.
4609 For us personally, it's just using common sense, trying to be as smart as we can,
4610 After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary time in our world-unlike any most of us have ever lived through before - and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
4611 It's a trillion-dollar coin toss,
4612 Our intellectual horizons expand when we learn from each other,
4613 That seems to be where the money is going,
4614 We will see the bottom when the coronavirus infection rates stabilise. It's going to be a pretty deep bottom from which to come up.
4615 With the coronavirus pandemic spreading throughout the world, falling corporate sales and its economic impact will depress economic growth,
4616 Given elections in 2021, and rising caution over the extent of the government's public financing requirement, we see the BoU adopting a tighter policy stance, with 200bps of rate hikes in 2021,
4617 he clearly distances himself from the old system of corruption and clientelism.
4618 I want to shift the thought flow of men from worry, angst and fear to an optimal, managerial state. My training will release their dysfunctional habits, making them better aware of themselves,
4619 If you want to have that optimal energy recuperation together with the best possible stability, you'd better choose EBS,
4620 My instincts are very much on the serenity side,
4621 Only long-term systemic shifts will change the trajectory of CO2 levels in the atmosphere,
4622 Provided one went far enough, perhaps several centuries, back in time, it was obvious to everyone that violence played a part in the acquisition of most seigneurial rights, which stemmed from conquest and serfdom,
4623 overwhelmingly omit archival and other historical factual evidence.
4624 The longer the scenario takes, the exit will be deeper and more difficult,
4625 In the world of tech we compete for every minute of your attention. Every day you pick up your phone, I mean my kids pick up the phone and they're on TikTok... they're huge, they're growing really quickly, they've gotten to bigger numbers faster than we ever did.
4626 Lean in at home, gentlemen!
4627 hoping to charge Facebook formally in the summer.
4628 address the challenges of an open internet and develop artificial intelligence to find and remove harmful content more quickly
4629 Many of these high-skilled jobs will help us address the challenges of an open internet and develop AI to find and remove harmful content more quickly. They will also help us build the tools that help small businesses grow, compete with larger companies and create new jobs.
4630 It is a strategically important firm, in a strategically important industry,
4631 I think a wage subsidy is critical at this juncture... because we have such a significant amount of jobs losses,
4632 I think very quickly we can talk about out over a million jobs being lost. It looks like were going to get through that in very short order,
4633 I've got to be extra careful because if I can't go to work I won't get paid. I used to do extra agency shifts, but I've had to stop doing them because I can't afford to put myself at risk of catching it.
4634 Scotland wanted nothing whatever to do with this ruinous Brexit and we will not accept it.
4635 We now know the original draft of the Windrush report finds that the department's hostile environment, detention and deportation policies are `institutionally racist' and its attitude `defensive' ,
4636 Mathare School Uniforms, Nairobi,
4637 These people show through their actions that they think truth, freedom, and justice are not merely lofty words, but ideals worth sacrificing for. It is they who are fighting today for India that Mahatma Gandhi gave his life for. It is they, who never marched to win freedom, but today march to preserve it, who give us hope that Rabindranath Tagore's dream' ... into that heaven of freedom, My Father, let my country awake...' will continue to be a reality,
4638 A ratings downgrade along with a loss of investor confidence could lead to a plummeting exchange rate and a dramatic increase in the long-term interest rates in this environment, and a substantial losses for our financial institutions,
4639 inspires us all to take stock of what is truly at stake.
4640 This news is the best of all possible outcomes. Not only does the club have a clear plan for its future growth that retains its unique brand, but the wider community will reap the benefits.
4641 We talked about tourism and the fact that tourism has created jobs for our people and how we can manage tourism and jobs and that we cannot leave anyone behind, which is the message of the SDGs.
4642 are close to 100% right now.
4643 that the odds of a global recession are close to 100% right now
4644 it's going to be like the Great Depression,
4645 I think in the U.S., we'll have a very terrible second quarter,
4646 Consumer spending being 70 percent of the economy, you are going to have to see it on the consumer side for this to take the U.S. economy down,
4647 The economy is pretty damn good for the vast majority of Americans,
4648 For a lot of Americans, that's more of a financial buffer than they have. People will notice it.
4649 First, this means that the reinforcing behavior of cocaine replaces that of sex or food,
4650 Stories about scarcity feed into the frenzy.
4651 The good news is that the region has strengths it can tap, but countries will have to act fast and at a scale not previously imagined.
4652 We have found that companies undercut their position on issues like climate change through their political spending. BlackRock has not budged from its voting against
4653 another case of back-to-the-future,
4654 Considering the relatively long life of polymer notes and their amenability to recycling, the `carbon footprint' of polymer notes vis--vis paper ban notes is likely to be on the plus side. Regardless, this is one of the issues that we will study during the pilot phase, and will embark on (using) polymer notes on a long-term basis only if the cost-benefit calculus is decidedly positive in all dimensions.
4655 Home sellers can expect to take less time to sell their home -- meanwhile, buyers still have a good amount of choice.
4656 I put my money where my mouth was, and I sold.
4657 If trends of the past two decades continue for another two decades, the `Big Three' will grow into what we term the `Giant Three,
4658 It's utterly tragic the way people mobilize these beliefs for violence or for harm, it's not what these traditions at their best are meant to do,
4659 Once we get past the immediate threat from the virus, there will be so much more to do,
4660 Cision is well established as the industry standard platform for communications professionals navigating an increasingly complex environment,
4661 So sad RIP Alonso. Once a para always a para. Thanks for your service to Queen and country.
4662 I'm hoping I never see anything like this happen but if I do, I know what to do,
4663 It would be positive if the central bank were to also introduce a flexible foreign exchange rate, and move away from near peg.
4664 I have been invited to a conference or learning tour overseas. Should I attend?... Should I accept donations from an individual or group?
4665 If a constitutional order in Libya could really be achieved, perhaps even elections, then it would be a step where a legitimate government could ask the UN for a mandate,
4666 Large organization already have CIOs, VP's of IT etc, but what about smaller organizations, why can't they fully leverage IT as well?
4667 the ethical soil in which an economy grows.
4668 Things like the Indian Premier League must shut down. It is crazy if we continue with it,
4669 This crisis has shown that international cooperation and solidarity are essential to protect global well-being and peace.
4670 What we've seen has been a massive explosion of the sector. It has roughly quintupled relative to the size of the economy since the 1970s, and what are we getting for that? I don't think that anyone can say with a straight face that we're getting better served in the sense that capital is somehow being better allocated, or that we're more secure in our savings.
4671 but it won't look a hundred percent like a normal semester.
4672 By contrast, we in the United States have never reached a politically dominant consensus on the issue.
4673 driven by the simple fact that Disney rarely brings on third-party partners to finance its feature films.
4674 I felt bad because every time I saw the box, I drew all over it. `Can we try this? Can we try that?
4675 In contrast, the same moves have, if anything, negative long-term impacts on children who are more than 13 years old when their families move, perhaps because of the disruption effects of moving to a very different environment. The gains from moving fall with the age when children move, consistent with recent evidence that the duration of exposure to a better environment during childhood is a key determinant of an individual's long-term outcomes.
4676 long lockdown will wipe out large swathes of the economy
4677 Our general obligation issues are pretty straightforward, but I have wanted to push the retail outreach a little bit to expand our investor base, because it strengthens our position in the market,
4678 We have known this critical policy intervention for decades, yet politicians continue to ignore the scientific evidence on the role of public health in improving the quality of life and as a driver of economic growth.
4679 Borrowing costs are going to be essentially zero for sovereign rich country debt for the foreseeable future.
4680 The changes accelerated by the 4IR are so profound that, from the perspective of human history, there has never been a time of greater promise or potential peril. Decision-makers are too often caught in traditional, linear (and non-disruptive) thinking or too absorbed by immediate concerns to think strategically about the forces of disruption and innovation shaping our future.
4681 We need a new narrative for globalization
4682 The monitoring report provides a significant resource for authorities to assess trends and risks from [ nonbank financial institutions ],
4683 There were definitely broken bones. And if you weren't ready to play, bad things could happen to you,
4684 We should be proud of Reza Baqir. He went on to study in the best American universities after having completed his initial studies from Lahore. He went on to join the IMF solely on the basis of his capabilities,
4685 increase the success of data science projects
4686 stronger than trying to do it alone
4687 If you look at the hydrogen transport market in New Zealand, of course there is none. There are no hydrogen trucks because there's no hydrogen supply for transport, and there's no hydrogen supply for transport because there's no trucks demanding it.
4688 The lessons we learn from this outbreak should enable us to respond to infectious disease emergencies more quickly and effectively in the future.
4689 The market volatility has resulted in domestic credit spread moving wider and we are seeing some investors selling fixed income assets,
4690 We also continue to be in frequent communication with BravoVax, our vaccine development collaborator in Wuhan, China. Under our January letter of intent, and upon completion of a definitive agreement, BravoVax will provide testing and manufacturing support, as well as direct interactions with Chinese authorities, for a parallel regulatory pathway to what we will pursue in the United States.
4691 What's driving the price increase is higher demand-consumer wanting and willing to pay more for eggs,
4692 There's just so much in there, so it is often the hot spot for where conservative budget hawks who don't believe in public investment go hardest.
4693 Uncertainty is high across several dimensions - the Fed's reaction function, the number of U.S. cases to be reported in coming weeks, the extent of the weakness in upcoming U.S. and global data, and financial conditions,
4694 A whopping 80-90% of participants at our client conferences thought that President Trump would win reelection in November,
4695 it might be possible to bring back at least part of the lost output with a sharp increase in testing as well as more limited changes to business practices that lower the risk of infection.
4696 Using a cross-country, generalised difference-in-difference model with fixed effects, the analysis demonstrates the lack of any concrete evidence in favour of a misestimated Indian GDP,
4697 We're bailing out workers and companies as best as we can -- but the hit to state budgets is going to be enormous. While there's some money included for states, we're going to need much more of it.
4698 Whole sectors will have to turn off. And that means that millions of people's livelihoods will turn off,
4699 Closing airports will buy you time, but it's not enough,
4700 Countries which use (the restrictions) are essentially grabbing a small number of supplies for the moment and denying sick people in other countries the possibility of treatment,
4701 We've had 10 to15 years of drip-drip-drip non-cooperation on trade, especially the last two years
4702 He was loyal, strong, dedicated and always thinking of others.
4703 Hey, be conscious of the economic impact. We need to get life back to normal.
4704 You know, I go to them and they don't have a lot of details on all their costs.
4705 Look at Italy. It has all the pathologies: high debt, decrepit banks, low long-term growth, and now an enormous shock,
4706 The AfD can't be bypassed anymore,
4707 The reason being that you are keeping a very large number of people who want to move, from moving, and if they did move they would not only improve their own lives but contribute a lot more to mankind.
4708 This is still a failing grade,
4709 We are extremely excited as we look ahead in 2020 and the potential for further improvements to the profitability of our Ethereum mining operations,
4710 craziest monetary and fiscal mix in history,
4711 Gross domestic product per capita is not growing above the average for OECD [ Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ] countries,
4712 What's happening here is similar to what's happening in most of the developed world, but we're lagging.
4713 I would like to ask the government if a person is not safe in the library, where else is he or she is safe? I would like to ask the Delhi Police what was my crime. I have filed a compensation case worth Rs 1 crore against the Delhi Police,
4714 The issue of risk in Africa is exaggerated. The risk of loss is lower than Latin America. Yet, funds are not being channeled into Africa. There are $8 trillion of assets under management in London, but only 1 percent is invested in Africa.
4715 To win the Summernats Grand Champion award with a street driven show car, it's the Holy Grail of awards. It's still sinking in really, I still can't believe it!
4716 And even if you see growth, thousands of tourism workers in Thailand, garment workers in Cambodia could be pushed below the poverty line,
4717 The mission of the junior leadership corps is to influence students to be self-inspired and motivated,
4718 We will continue to seek advice and monitor the situation on an ongoing basis as we prepare for 2020 Race Week on May 10-16.
4719 What we are now doing is following up very detailed contact tracing, how that person travelled from northern Italy into Northern Ireland and taking appropriate steps so those who need a follow up will be contacted by our colleagues in the Public Health Agency,
4720 you aint seen nothing like it yet
4721 If this method facilitates a way to keep people marginally attached to a position until demand returns, it helps us recover and prevent so much pain for people in the long run,
4722 isn't a buy-the-dip opportunity
4723 One of the coolest things to do is to go to a concert and listen to a beautiful piece of music and realize that you commissioned it,
4724 The signing of the Phase One deal would represent a welcome, even if modest, de-escalation of trade hostilities between China and the U.S.,
4725 The trade war has unleashed a set of structural forces that are likely to have a dampening effect on imports from China for some time to come,
4726 We are seeing dramatic increases in the financial support for the unemployed,
4727 It's these notions of purpose, trustworthiness, values, and culture that underpin a reconceptualization of business for the 21 st century,
4728 heightening uncertainties regarding the impact of the spread of the coronavirus
4729 protect against [ the virus ], they protect the others if you're sick
4730 We need to include the aforesaid model of Dharavi in our planning and not adopt foreign concepts of replacing it with something swanky.
4731 globalization, economic growth and development, and political economy,
4732 I think the coronavirus is generating some really important conversations because obviously if the coronavirus passes, we're still going to be left with very inadequate legislation or unwell workers,
4733 I think the film turned out spectacular, but it didn't even get to the point where I was really fighting for that role at all. It was more that they wanted a professional fighter for that role.
4734 In doing so, we honour the memory of all who made such sacrifice to protect our democracy and secure our human rights. We don't have to wait until November 11 each year, we remember through our actions every day.
4735 we need to keep emphasizing that those attributes are actually the heroic ones.
4736 Al-Burhan is a murderer in the fullest sense of the word,
4737 It's the connection between what you pay and what you get.
4738 Price Distortion and Shortage Deformation, or What Happened to the Soap?,
4739 Private Equity Is a Driving Force Behind Devious Surprise Billing.
4740 There many factors for the fall of Congress regional outfits vis--vis the regional players. Since 1990s, major transformative changes occurred in India such as assertion of Dalit politics, the emergence of the right wingers and liberalisation of the economy. These factors have resulted in changes in both caste and class term and rise of local parties,
4741 And, you know, they can take what is the bilateral relationship between the European Union and Chad and adopt it for Britain if they want to. So, you know, they're not worried about those,
4742 it is an agreement between two political parties: ERC-PSOE, not the Catalan and Spanish governments.
4743 It's a two-week vacation that none of us want,
4744 Of course it's disappointing to learn that a relatively cheap and short-term intervention wasn't the magic bullet for solving an incredibly complex, costly and important problem,
4745 The impact of the coronavirus on earnings may well be underestimated in current stock prices, suggesting that risks of a correction are high,
4746 What normally would have been done in one or two days takes five or six days.
4747 A lot of the young fellas have got the shame factor around it, but that's a part of life. There's going to be things in your life that you might think is embarrassing, but we tell our young people just come here, try your best, and don't sweat the little things,
4748 In Quebec, the Caisse president is almost a public persona,
4749 It's unlikely that it will put itself in an even more difficult position by targeting green bonds.
4750 the clash between globalism and nationalism.
4751 The wording is very carefully crafted.
4752 Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria will come together under this organization. It will say `We don't want proxy wars in our region. We will resolve our problems together.
4753 I think it would be much more costly,
4754 It is unfortunate, but some people equate high fees to class and they feel they can show their class only when many people cannot afford the same education as their children.
4755 Look, social distancing has a very real economic cost, which we're all experiencing... But the benefits are potentially enormous.
4756 The approval of this emergency financial tool, would provide financing in support of policies that would direct funds swiftly to Haiti's most affected sectors, including the healthcare system, to bolster the initial response to COVID-19,
4757 I see a much clearer understanding that if we don't beat it everywhere we won't be able to get out of it.
4758 Global growth in 2020 will dip below last year's levels, buy how far it will fall and how long the impact will be is still difficult to predict.
4759 synchronised or, even better, coordinated measures to protect the world economy.
4760 It is now clear that we have entered a recession as bad or worse
4761 Our deep sympathies to all those affected by the serious situation related to Coronavirus. We support China's efforts to respond, including recent fiscal, monetary, and financial actions. We are confident that China's economy remains resilient.
4762 a recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis, or worse,
4763 After a synchronized slow down in 2019, we expect a moderate pick up in growth this year and next year, we already see some tentative signs of stabilization. Recent data suggest that trade and industrial output are bottoming out. But we have not reached a turning point yet. We are revising slightly downwards. The reality is global growth at present is sluggish.
4764 The moment it became clear it is no more just about China and maybe a small number of countries in Asia surrounding China, then the outlook on what the impact could be changed.
4765 We are confident that China's economy remains resilient.
4766 There is no way to come to a strong recovery without strong containment.
4767 there was a dip in growth in the months during and immediately after the containment
4768 We have a considerable $1 trillion strong financial capacity to place in their defence, working closely with the World Bank and other International Financial Institutions (IFIs),
4769 First, because we have a pope that is very caring and well-respected by people of all religions and who has demonstrated in his own life that high standing and modesty can go hand-in-hand,
4770 I really hope that all policymakers everywhere would be thinking about [ reducing uncertainty ]. It is tough as it is, let's not make it any tougher,
4771 What we are wrestling with is uncertainty and that defines our projections, which at this point lead us to state that global growth in 2020 will dip below last year's levels,
4772 to secure a sustainable and orderly resolution
4773 The lake is ready to host the youth Olympics speedskating competition,
4774 When you see what is now happening with the coronavirus in countries like Italy and Spain, I find the call for solidarity extraordinarily logical.
4775 This is a crisis like no other, which means there is substantial uncertainty on the impact it will have on people's lives and livelihoods,
4776 We saw countries become more protectionist in the run-up to this crisis,
4777 As long as interest rates remain very low, as we've seen, and we get the recovery we've projected, then the combination should help in bringing debt levels down slowly over time.
4778 This would be even more effective if it were coordinated across all the advanced economies.
4779 The pickup in global growth for 2020 remains highly uncertain as it relies on improved growth outcomes for stressed economies like Argentina, Iran, and Turkey and for underperforming emerging and developing economies such as Brazil, India, and Mexico.
4780 We have decided to unite and bring together all our strengths and capabilities to rescue this country from those destroying it. We want to change things in many areas.
4781 Kuchita mgwirizano mkosavuta koma nkhani ndiyakuti kodi mumgwirizanomo tikagwirizanamo?
4782 dehumanizing grip of acute poverty.
4783 You are aware that the spread of Covid-19 has created a havoc in state finances. Business activities have been hit, severely impacting the revenues of the state. Under these circumstances, the non-receipt of GST compensation from the central government has aggravated the already stretched state finances,
4784 As we face existential crises -- of nature and climate -- our best chance to reverse the damage humanity has done and to leave future generations a liveable future is to work together to address these global challenges,
4785 failing to take care of the planet would mean not taking care of ourselves
4786 Clean up has to be undertaken on an emergency basis, otherwise sense of confidence which is needed in our NBFC, private banks and even in our state-owned banks that would be missing, that means financial sector cannot contribute to the growth,
4787 Economically speaking, India is faced today with perhaps its greatest emergency since independence,
4788 These are things that they can change if attention is paid to them and appropriate actions are taken,
4789 right priorities and drawing on India's many sources of strength,
4790 I just don't know if a rate cut or an [ economy-wide ] cash handout, which are very blunt instruments, are going to change the underlying dynamic, which is people not spending,
4791 I think NSW has got the mix right. Everyone else is lagging to some extent,
4792 In our predictions, in both the best case scenario, and the downside scenario, we have a contraction of trade growth globally. That will have an impact on Ireland,
4793 is clearly better than doing nothing,
4794 It's mostly the fact that some countries really are not good places to produce, and if you can just move the talent to places that are good for production, you enrich not only the immigrant but the world,
4795 It's not like suddenly all the toilet paper factories in the world are burning down,
4796 it's not like all the factories for toilet paper suddenly burned down.
4797 One of the positive things social media does is it can connect people who otherwise might not have come into contact with each other, so I thought it was quite nice to replicate that in the casting.
4798 We asked Karyn what sort of person she wanted to play as,
4799 These hedges will likely mitigate portfolio losses in severe market declines,
4800 You kill it in 30 days. It's a bit like bombing your house with something to destroy bed bugs. And you wait till the bed bugs die, and then you can move back in.
4801 hell is coming to the US economy
4802 This is a moment when we realize that we're all in this together,
4803 This is begging-bowl financing at its worst.
4804 We've improved so much in getting the precise likelihood of this particular area being flooded, and the number of people affected,
4805 This is not a time to be squeamish about one-off additions to the public debt,
4806 If anybody had told you at Christmas that this year would be one [ with ] an enormous symmetric shock hitting all the advanced countries and that this would cost something like 50 per cent of GDP for a few months or maybe longer... the kind of thing that happens in a war, everybody would have said you are crazy,
4807 This public reaction far exceeds the usual degree of criticism about economic policy decisions. And it seems that negative interest rates are the chief cause of these deep feelings of discontent.
4808 We are cautiously optimistic that the fall semester will be able to launch with the normal face-to-face campus experience,
4809 Although we cannot comment on confidential tenure matters, Dartmouth is committed to inclusivity and diversity and has been steadily increasing its recruitment and retention of faculty and staff of color.
4810 It inhibits our ability to deliver on our core mission of teaching and research.
4811 No virtual gathering can possibly match the splendor of our usual festivities, but we will come together online on Thursday, May 28, to award degrees so that everyone will graduate as expected,
4812 We took loan from International Monetary Fund (IMF) in order to help the economic growth.
4813 offers opportunities for businessmen to invest in Pakistan
4814 The trade between the two countries is only around $7 billion and the country has an urgent need to increase that to help in GDP growth, which requires long-term planning for economic development,
4815 The last government did not maintain fiscal discipline for the sake of protecting its popularity and winning elections,
4816 We will have also a worse case because we may well see that this situation may go global beyond China and this may well affect energy markets, especially oil markets, substantially,
4817 We are expecting a demand growth of slightly higher than 1m barrels per day,
4818 has never really happened in other countries.
4819 The coronavirus crisis is adding to the uncertainties the global oil industry faces as it contemplates new investments and business strategies,
4820 The debate around climate change is sometimes too heated and there is too much tension between the energy community and the climate change community,
4821 We should make sure that [ after the coronavirus crisis ] the global economy goes up but emissions go down. We can do that by providing the elements of clean-energy transitions in these stimulus packages.
4822 get companies a social license to operate so that they are part of the solution.
4823 We may well see CO2 emissions fall this year as a result of the impact of the coronavirus on economic activity, particularly transport,
4824 It has no equal in the history that we see such a strong decline in demand and a huge massive overhang of supply at the same time,
4825 Some sort of price stabilization measures is inevitable should Brent crude prices continue falling.
4826 In these extraordinary times, we can manage without many things, but we can't manage without electricity,
4827 would love to be here longer
4828 All I have is a little box of ashes... But I keep turning up for Amber.
4829 exploring the possibility of the early release of April salary, mid-year-bonus, 2018 performance-based bonus, and clothing allowance.
4830 My body temperature, which is taken three times a day, remains normal.
4831 This means that there are many low performing learners who could not comprehend (read and understand) math and science word problems that are written in English,
4832 nurture a culture of reading which is a requisite skill in all content areas.
4833 learn from the PISA results.
4834 For stakeholder capitalism to become a reality, we must be able to measure companies' performance on environmental, social and governance metrics,
4835 to support public and private actors exploring the opportunities that digital currencies present.
4836 We have arranged for you the best sunshine,
4837 If the spread of the coronavirus in China and worldwide can be successfully contained, then the economic costs should be limited and be limited to a short-term loss of production in China.
4838 increased numbers of cases over the next weeks and months
4839 manning the command post,
4840 Of course, to upset Saudi Arabia could be a risky thing, but this is Russia's strategy at the moment -- flexible geometry of interests.
4841 The founder of the Jana Sangh is Syama Prasad Mookerjee. The Partition of Bengal took place largely because of Syama Prasad Mookerjee. There was Sarat Chandra Bose on one side, who was arguing against Partition. On the other side, there was Mookerjee, who was arguing for Partition. During the Nehru-Liaquat pact, even Sardar Patel was so agitated by the language and rhetoric that was being used by Mookerjee. The first amendment on freedom of speech was largely because of Mookerjee's speeches on Hindu-Muslim relations in Bengal, which even Patel took very violent objection to. These are all part of the record.
4842 By one way or another, we got changed over to vegetarianism possibly in view of the impact of Jainism and Buddhism.
4843 Otherwise, we are staring at irrelevance. Our arrogance has to go, even after six years out of power sometimes, some of us behave as if we are still ministers,
4844 Though it is a fact that people are agitated across the country over the Citizenship (Amendment) Act and the National Register of Citizens, they are raising their voice against polarization. But in the midst of all this we should not forget that the economic condition is not only alarming but becoming dangerous,
4845 will further discuss the emerging situation
4846 ... All Indian history textbooks teach us that the Indian freedom movement was essentially a freedom movement fought in India. That is true. But there is another strand of freedom movement, which was negotiations between the Indian National Congress and the Labour Party that lasted for 12 years,
4847 The political agenda should be a one-point mandate that ultimately brings people together, but the last voting has shown that people have lost their trust in leaders.
4848 We will surely turn victorious through struggles just like we achieved victory in the past.
4849 There's gon na be an enormous loss or what economist call a deadweight loss as a permanent loss of activity that we can't recover. The fact is that the thing that's not happening now won't then be caught up or triple time in the period when the thing is over. So if you miss going out to a restaurant once a week in the second quarter you're not gon na go out 13 nights in the third quarter. Some of that activity is gone for good,
4850 The trend clearly is deteriorating with the sector under pressure from the trade war.
4851 Firms appear to have met demand by running down inventory, but that can't go on forever, and imports have now begun to mean-revert,
4852 The broadening of the global outbreak outside the big four is disconcerting, and the patterns seen in the initial outbreaks suggests that yesterday's dip in the total number of worldwide new cases will prove temporary,
4853 Our base case is a 0.2% increase in December's core CPI, but upside risks abound,
4854 We've been in a twilight war with Iran for 40 years,
4855 But imagine if it's Friday when the jobs report comes out and it's worse than we've ever seen. Then you'd see Congress act with urgency. The question is if they act with urgency ahead of the terrible numbers.
4856 I think the market understands that its Fed, with its hundreds of economists, has really started to think about the numbers coming in and is really sure they'll be terrible, which is why they did this extraordinary action.
4857 Government hospitals will run out of beds in rural India even if only 0.03% of the rural population is hit by the virus,
4858 Leap years are unnecessary, they only cause logistical headaches, The best kind of calendar is not one that is terribly accurate, but rather, one that is the most practical for the modern person,
4859 Instead, Modi government has focus on two things that are destabilising and potentially explosive: ethnicity and religion.
4860 The positive thing is that while this has been a very sudden and dramatic drop in jobs and employment, things could very quickly improve once we get past the necessity of staying at home.
4861 Service, leisure and hospitality, these are all very vulnerable. The good news is that these workers had some cushion ahead of time. It helps blunt the blow.
4862 The same media that's been producing this intentional ignorance is saying what they've always been saying: `We're right. They're wrong,
4863 To some extent, markets are used to turbulence in the Middle East. It usually hurts global confidence, growth and markets only if it drives up oil prices significantly on a sustained basis. While we have to watch the risk, we do not expect this to happen,
4864 For markets, confidence and, ultimately, economic activity to turn up again, we will need clear evidence that the spread of the virus is being held back sufficiently to allow health systems to cope,
4865 They are less likely to dramatically cut their consumption. That limits the overall economic damage,
4866 We can appreciate the intent of those congressmen who are currently trying to put some kind of limit on the Federal Reserve,
4867 We did not see the same increase in Victoria and Kelowna,
4868 We extend our warmest thanks to Bell Let's Talk as well as the local community organizations working to help those affected by a mental illness,
4869 This is about helping seniors age well at home, helping students find housing, and helping residents get affordable, nutritious food through innovative partnerships that tackle root causes,
4870 The organization has some timelines and we have to work quickly if we want this to come to Barrie,
4871 You can spend all the time in the world trying to remove obstructions for some... but so long as you have this market concentration and this chokehold on our political process you have to deal with the subversions,
4872 Eight centuries of global real interest rates, R-G, and the `suprasecular' decline, 1311-2018.
4873 erode the credibility of competition policy,
4874 I am not aware of the development so would not like to comment,
4875 It's obviously something that is probably going to have a noticeable impact on Chinese growth, at least in the first quarter of this year,
4876 still too soon to even speculate
4877 I believe it's dis-inflationary. I don't believe it's deflationary. I think we have the tools to keep the economy out of deflation and to support the economy through this challenging period.
4878 If developments emerge that, in the future, trigger a material reassessment of our outlook, we will respond accordingly.
4879 remains an active board observer supporting SigFig's continued growth and success. His transition to being an observer coincides with a new board member joining with 30 years of highly relevant experience in the wealth management industry.
4880 That type of statement is one way to thread the needle between the optimism and the realism.
4881 too slow and dispersed.
4882 If it costs one hundred million dollars to save a life, and we have a limited budget, it may not be not worth it. But I think the right model right now isn't that you're trading lives off against better economic performance. It's that if you don't save those lives, you might have even worse economic performance.
4883 They have been extremely disciplined in not taking on too much money.
4884 However, it would be foolhardy to claim that the recession in 2020 or 2021 was a surprise. Although recessions are not controlled by CFOs, the impact on their firm is, to a large degree, managed by the CFO. This time around, CFOs will be judged by their preparations.
4885 They are being a little more cautious now.
4886 They may have to offer a higher wage.
4887 Existing-home sales are off to a strong start at 5.46 million,
4888 Home prices remain stable as deals continue to happen with the growing use of new technology tools. Remarkably, 10% of Realtors report the same level or even more business activity now than before the economic lockdown.
4889 Home sellers are positioned well, but prospective buyers aren't as fortunate.
4890 There's not enough inventory for sale at the mid-price level, mid-price and below,
4891 To seize it, all financial decisions need to take into account the risks from climate change and the opportunities from the transition to a net zero economy.
4892 It would be productive if other jurisdictions that potentially will have mandatory disclosure standards... used more conventional routes than legislation, such as securities regulations or listing standards. Let's have that conversation,
4893 The question facing the MPC at this meeting was whether the new decade would start with a bang,
4894 was relatively unstable, can be withdrawn on short notice
4895 For example, a renewal of trade tensions could reverse recent progress.
4896 reminder of the need to be vigilant
4897 Currently, there is insufficient conventional policy space based on past experience... All told, a reasonable judgement is that the combined conventional and unconventional policy space is in the neighbourhood of the 250 basis points cut to Bank Rate seen in pre-crisis easing cycles,
4898 how better survey data translates into real economic activity, before deciding whether to act at future meetings
4899 But fortunately (they) also have long duration to their liabilities, their obligations.
4900 We are, of course, concerned about the political turmoil we see in Afghanistan today,
4901 We call on Russia and the Syria regime to stop the attacks, to stop the indiscriminate air attacks... we also call on Russia and Syria to fully respect the international law,
4902 We are already in Iraq today and we are in consultation on the possibility of scaling up and doing more... all allies supported the decision to do more in Iraq,
4903 I expect allied members to remain determined in their commitment to boost investment in our security,
4904 We call on Syria and Russia to fully engage in U.N.-led efforts to find a peaceful solution for the conflict in Syria.
4905 We must prevent that from happening again, and therefore we need to build some local (security) capacity so they prevent ISIS (Islamic State militants) from coming back.
4906 He doesn't want anybody to be in that country exposed unnecessarily to risk if he doesn't need them to accomplish the mission.
4907 We welcome any step towards a reduction of violence in Afghanistan and we strongly support the peace process, any initiative to establish an intra-Afghan dialogue,
4908 We of course see significant military activities close to NATO borders with a new exercise in the western military district of Russia,
4909 We are very interested in expanding cooperation with Moldova, making it more substantive and meaningful, namely in the trade-economic sphere,
4910 The president and the government have the situation in the Russian economy under control. We have all the tools to go through it calmly, without shocks. We have enough resources to maintain financial stability,
4911 A corresponding instruction was signed today. Work on it is already in progress,
4912 wants to play it safe,
4913 It is clear that the peak of infections has not yet passed, and we can't rule out the situation developing into the most difficult scenario,
4914 A broader spread of this disease has the potential to disrupt travel, trade, and supply chains throughout Asia, with knock-on effects on the world economy since Asia is now a key driver of global growth.
4915 This disruption comes at a time when Chinese economic growth already looks fragile and it will unfortunately undo some of the boost in consumer and business sentiment from the China-U.S. trade deal,
4916 And then it transitioned to no gloves, a tongue and a beard.... And I recoiled.
4917 Athens today hosted Libyan warlord Haftar. An own goal for Greek diplomacy-similar to that in the 90s when the gvt led by Mitsotakis-snr embraced Karadi. How did we get here? It all began with the Tsipras-Netanyahu-Exxon unholy alliance to drill for oil & gas in the E. Med,
4918 China and Laos are a community with a shared future. I am grateful to Chinese government for sending anti-epidemic medical expert teams and medical supplies to Laos when Covid-19 was detected in Laos,
4919 I also remember the pure reality of what we were experiencing - that got into the hearts and souls of us competing,
4920 I don't remember so much about how the competition went but I remember the atmosphere and the warm welcome we got from the spectators and the people from Sarajevo that had lived through so much hardship for so long,
4921 If Iran interferes with the oil supply there could be rise in crude oil prices which could impact India. It could have an impact on flows,
4922 `I don't think we're at the absolute bottom yet because the implications of this shutdown are incredible. '
4923 more I analyze this Iranian situation, the more bullish [ on ] gold and BTC I become.
4924 something economically meaningful on the fiscal side, from where the real defense must come.
4925 The first step towards the north taking back control of its railways and its people taking back control of their travelling lives, and its economy being strengthened rather than weakened by its transport network.
4926 At a time when businesses are facing huge pressures and their employees have concerns over their livelihoods and future careers, those at the top of companies have a responsibility to set a good example on pay,
4927 They are being realistic. The capacity to do that sort of track and trace is probably already overwhelmed,
4928 as access to COVID-antigen testing is highly variable between countries.
4929 Lacking assured like-with-like comparators in other countries, we risk making heroic, and perhaps heroically wrong, inferences country-to-country,
4930 valuable for democracy and Turkey.
4931 Where did the earthquake tax go?
4932 We expect to have the first results in a few weeks, which we can feed to the government,
4933 For the past four decades, Australian twins have been committed and enthusiastic health research participants,
4934 We want to show how powerful the twin registry and twin studies are.
4935 What he says he's going to do is what he's going to try and do, and based on his record, he probably will get most of it done,
4936 Whilst it took place, the primary activity that takes place in December is in the retail sector and the figures and initial indications are that retail seemed to be doing realy well in December and this might have just flown from what we've seen in November.
4937 We as the South African Reserve Bank are currently assessing the channels through which it will impact the South African economy, and based on this assessment we will take appropriate steps in accordance with our constitutional mandate to mitigate the risks.
4938 Ask government to declare Ram Setu as ancient historical monument: Swamy to SC-What is stopping PM?
4939 Sheer mischief of people like you who can say thing on truncated speeches. Goebbel's chela.
4940 Muslims have not come as refugees from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan as all these countries are Islamic. However, when the list was made there were no Muslims. There were 25,000 Hindus, 5,000 Sikh, 1,000 Christian, two each of Buddhist and Parsi,
4941 These people had no documents. They were just given a piece of paper allowing them to live in India. They could not get jobs or study in the absence of the documents. They were left to languish. Those people are now rejoicing,
4942 He has come to boost his economy and not ours. So I do not see any benefit to our country,
4943 I challenge Congress men to debate with me. The points they are making (against the law) on television are all rubbish,
4944 community transmission is almost inevitable (but) that does not warrant a continuation of the present 21-day lockdown in the middle of the Rabi harvesting season.
4945 I obtained a diploma in financial planning and master's degree in finance by paying a small fee there. That was how I learnt technical knowledge such as financial analysis, valuations and option pricing,
4946 From there I just started reading everything that Ben Graham wrote and eventually got to Buffett.
4947 It's started to dawn on people -- we've seen the demonstration of the president's understanding of the problem, which was worrisome -- that there is nothing between us and the worst-case scenario,
4948 The economy is fine and it's been fine for 8 to 10 years, the longest boom we've ever had. And that's good. Two-thirds of that was before Trump got there, but he's going to try and take credit for all of it. Only people who are already for him will really believe it,
4949 But that's a short run reaction to surge pricing,
4950 The curve's trajectory holds true in countries where the median wage is high and where it is not, and where people tend to live longer and where they don't.
4951 It doesn't seem to matter how we ask [ case studies ] about well-being,
4952 The resiliency of communities left behind by globalisation was diminished by the Great Recession which made it especially hard for the vulnerable undergoing a midlife crisis with few resources, to withstand the shock.
4953 These upgrades will help club staff to keep the track in top shape, year round.
4954 continuing in a safe and responsible manner is to support those people whose livelihoods depend on it
4955 We want people to stay home and practice good social distancing.
4956 a deep-rooted respect for the law, the rules and one's mandate... (that was) certainly a guiding principle of my presidency,
4957 The euro area still has space to do this, but time is not infinite,
4958 But its just demonstrably false.
4959 Every recession has its different flavor and the speed of this was just breathtaking.
4960 Unprecedented. Unheard of. Uncharted territory. These are phrases I use all the time now but they are deeply inadequate for describing what's going on,
4961 even if you take those numbers at face value, which I don't think we should,
4962 Companies' expectations in particular have darkened as never before,
4963 How ethical is it to harm current and future generations with climate change simply to enrich yourself?
4964 It really could happen in the next paycheck.
4965 On the slowdown, my own assessment is that we have bottomed out,
4966 In the second half of the current fiscal year, which would be ending on March 31, we should see some bit of recovery, not a big one but certainly the second half (of the fiscal year) should look better than the first half,
4967 We view this package as a turning point in this crisis because it also shows a political willingness to do more later on if needed,
4968 We will prepare all instruments to mitigate and minimise the impact on companies and people,
4969 While the number of unemployment-related suicides increased by about 5,000 during the recent economic crisis in 2008, this analysis shows the risk of suicide among jobless people is high even in good economic times.
4970 But all the books of speeches I'd find were 90 per cent by men,
4971 this case was different and more serious
4972 If he wants to do a solo record, I'm not his dad, I'm not his mum, but don't throw me under the bus and then split the band up, you know what I mean? Just turn around and go, `Look I've had enough, I'm out.' Don't try to cause scenes, man, knowing that I'm going to fucking fight. If you want to go and do your little shit, go and do it, but don't make out that I'm some horrible fucking monster to work with, you know what I mean? I'm cool as fuck.
4973 just had a call from my brother [ Noel ] begging me to start oasis again in 2020 if you believe in life after love c'mon you know.
4974 By now you should've somehow / Realized what you got ta do / Wash your hands / Scrub your toes / Scratch your a ** e and pick your nose / Cmon you know,
4975 She ain't getting off that lightly ha ha (sic)
4976 It'll be 50/50 and I'll be choosing who's in the band as well,
4977 I'm gon na f ------ flamenco it up. We will be doing salsa all round the room.
4978 After album number three I'm gon na split up with myself I just don't think I'll be able to work with myself any longer. I can write what I like and so can he but I think it's for the best.
4979 He knows that it's got to happen soon or it won't happen,
4980 If the voices in your head get so loud/And your problems are the size of a cow/When the world and his wife get you down/Come on outside.
4981 It [ One District One Factory ] is an objective. It doesn't mean we will complete it in four years.
4982 London is now our biggest engineering hub outside the US,
4983 We don't know what's going to happen here. Get through today. Do the very best you can to help someone.
4984 I've been waiting for him to propose for six months,
4985 People were pretty upset; this was a big deal. And I think we thought it was a big deal too. I think we were upset and they were upset. We were all upset together. I mean, you're really upset to find out that foreign powers or anyone would have tried to interfere in the election, like, really upset.
4986 Marketplace is growing nicely. It's now used by hundreds of millions of people every month. We also rolled out ads in Marketplace, which are available in 94 markets, which means advertisers can extend their News Feed ads to Marketplace. We're seeing a lot of interest, especially with retail and auto advertisers. It's very early, but we're seeing good results,
4987 There are powerful reasons to keep many of these otherwise-profitable businesses afloat during the emergency, through extensions of government credit or, as a last resort, government grants, possibly calculated as a percentage of targeted companies' past payrolls,
4988 I also noticed that when I was struggling, and I was looking at all my mentors, there'd be little snippets here and there like, `Oh, this person is sober' or `This person's sober.' And that would give me a lot of hope.
4989 I am committed to assisting incoming President Armacost as he transitions to the president position on June 1.
4990 I haven't seen anything to indicate that there's any impact on the labor market at this point in time,
4991 A massive and mounting monetary and fiscal policy response will limit the economic damage in the United States compared with much of the rest of the world, we expect lawmakers to ultimately provide 1.65 trillion dollars in discretionary fiscal stimulus,
4992 We've got a little more go. We're probably three-quarters of the way there,
4993 We're used to seeing 200,000 new jobs created every month, but it will be one-fourth of that a few years from now.
4994 If you look at the Congressional budget projections, the debt-to-GDP ratio keeps creeping up. Nobody has plans to cut back on the debt for all that money we're borrowing.
4995 The odds are probably one in five for this year, but if you told me we had a recession sometime in the next two to three years, I would not be surprised.
4996 They' re very concerned the financial markets won' t work. So I don' t know how the markets take solace in this.
4997 may not have sufficient equity to justify an even subsidized extension of credit and may close,
4998 If our current forecast is realized it seems appropriate to characterize it as a novel-global recession.
4999 The constraints facing central banks and the flexibility provided to fiscal authorities in an extremely low interest rate environment suggest that fiscal easing will be delivered earlier in this episode.
5000 One of the points Acemoglu and his co-authors keep making that I violently agree with is that the effect of technology on employment is ambiguous.
5001 That's going to be sometime in late April or early May. That would be optimistic,
5002 This is a way for the community to stay in touch with the police and for the police to stay in touch with the community,
5003 Today, just days after the president avowed his commitment to environmental protection, the Trump administration has proposed what could be the most significant effort yet to limit environmental protection.
5004 Service academies develop the leaders, and these fine young men and women demonstrate that they possess the integrity, intelligence and dedication to contribute significantly to our nation's future successes.
5005 But I don't know that they should be entirely surprised. Two-thirds of the Senate actually support the Kennedy-Carper provisions.
5006 This would seem to fly in the face of rational rulemaking,
5007 It depends, in part, on how well Joe performs while all of my colleagues are stuck here for the impeachment trial. If he tears it up and knocks the ball out of the park all over the early primary states, then it's a plus,
5008 By laying out the math in such a crude way, people cringe when they see it.
5009 He's not caught in the headlights, he has both hands on the format. I can't remember when I was last watching a show live and having so many people chatting away to me about it-I like to cast my net wide.
5010 By pushing the season ticket renewal deadline back and confirming our policy if games were to be cancelled or played behind closed doors, we want to ease any concerns our loyal fans may have.
5011 In my opinion, they'll find a way -- that's the diplomat's art.
5012 My prognosis is that this negotiation is a regatta that is going to last a long time. For 15 years, they will continue to exchange blows within the British political system,
5013 intellectual contribution to society valued at social returns.
5014 Obviously above all, I'd like to thank my friends and family for standing by me over the last two years,
5015 Yes I did, not just in Bute House but elsewhere.
5016 It made me feel pretty humiliated, like I wasn't a valued member of the team,
5017 I didn't grab her bottom.
5018 reached down and grabbed hold of my backside
5019 She had implanted within me this lens through which to see the world as a place of great good and grand evil,
5020 without borrow [ wing ] from a specific moment in an actual person's life.
5021 comic book stories, stories of grand good versus grand evil.
5022 This is a show about vigilantes who reclaim their power and asks the question, `If you hunt monsters, do you risk becoming a monster yourself? '
5023 I saw the gates my grandmother was forced to enter decades earlier and the barracks she was forced to live in as a prisoner. I saw vestiges of the nightmarish world she had survived. It was an experience that forever altered the course of my life.
5024 These factors are apt to prove chronic by nature,
5025 I am worried that the outcome will be worse and it really depends to my mind on just how much damage is done during the time that the economy is shut down in the way it is now.
5026 African countries should accelerate investments as well as the development of human capital,
5027 This facility will help African countries to fast-track their efforts to contain the rapid spread of COVID-19,
5028 These are critical times for Africa as it addresses the challenges resulting from the Coronavirus,
5029 As firms become distressed and default rates climb higher, credit markets may come to a sudden stop -- especially in risky segments like high yield, leveraged loan, and private debt markets.
5030 Sentiment continues to be fragile, however. Global financial conditions remain much tighter compared to the beginning of the year.
5031 Bunnings has a very powerful position in hardware, building supplies and home improvement. Since the exit of Woolworths' Master from the industry, Bunnings has grown rapidly and has become by far the leading player,
5032 So I think the gas industry as a whole certainly has to carry a lot of blame for the mess. And it is a mess that we are in; the companies that are closing down and [ then ] the trouble this is causing for Australian manufacturing and Australian jobs.
5033 There will be a clear line concerning when co-operation among competitors is and is not allowed.
5034 We recognise the public benefit from enabling banks to respond quickly to provide a relief packages to businesses and individuals affected by the pandemic,
5035 In our view, TEG Live's conduct was unacceptable, and we are pleased around 5,000 consumers will receive automatic refunds before the end of July,
5036 to help find a hotel
5037 In fact, Trivago wasn't comparing apples with apples when it came to room type for these room rate comparisons.
5038 If minorities are tortured there and police failed or can't discharge their duties, it is a matter of serious concern,
5039 Why has Bangladesh been able to do so many things that we have not been able to. The spread of education among girls in Bangladesh is far higher than both in Bengal and India. They (girls in Bangladesh) have more access to health care. Their life expectancy is higher than girls in India. It is also true that they (in Bangladesh) have more educational opportunities in school. Why do these differences exist? We are both Bangali (people). We need to think about this,
5040 Listening is central in the government's task of preventing social calamity -- hearing what the problems are, where exactly they have hit, and how they affect the victims. Rather than muzzling the media and threatening dissenters with punitive measures...
5041 Import substitution with domestic production, and export promotion is important. Car manufacturing, for instance, has been declining in the country because a lot of its constituents are imported -- that needs to change. In agriculture, owing to devaluation our wheat has become cheaper in dollars, hence it is being increasingly smuggled, causing the current domestic shortage.
5042 So it is important for us to convey to the world that the corridor is beneficial for all
5043 Mr Carter is not well, he has not been well for a very long time. At the time of these offences, he was manifestly unwell, he was trying to get help. It doesn't excuse what he did but it does perhaps explain it.
5044 Our friends had started returning to MP four days ago, but we didn't think that there would be no means of transport. But when everybody started leaving, we also packed our bags and started to walk. However, police asked us to return from Modasa. We wanted to cross the Rajasthan border and then head to MP. I spent at least Rs 500 in the journey from Ahmedabad to Modasa and yet, I am back here 24 hours later. We don't have any money to buy groceries,
5045 our most important financial vulnerability,
5046 which would imply that there is some scale of fiscal response that could obviate further monetary easing.
5047 Deficits need to be kept in context; it's about what they're used for,
5048 We believe we've done a lot there to cushion a blow. We don't know how big the blow might be, so we'll be looking at ways to figure out how big that blow might be and how long it might last.
5049 Short recession of 3 quarters if we pass right away a 3% of GDP fiscal stimulus. Otherwise much more severe and longer!
5050 The question is not whether, but how long is it going to take,
5051 That's one of the reasons we cannot really say this will be another SARS.
5052 What happens when the helicopter money from Washington stops? Unfortunately, the good old days of a tight labor market and rising wages are behind us.
5053 Consumers have been the backbone of the recent economic strength but we can't count on them much longer,
5054 This important analysis from MIT election researchers is the latest to show that the OAS' statements were without basis, and that simple arithmetic shows that there is no evidence that fraud or irregularities affected the preliminary results, or the official results -- the ones that actually matter,
5055 there is no doubt that Iran's capacity to respond to the novel coronavirus has been hampered by the Trump administration's economic sanctions, and the death toll is likely much higher than it would have been as a result.
5056 Many public health and epidemiological experts agree that we need mass testing in the United States to get better information on how COVID-19 is spreading and where. It's much more difficult to stop the spread of a disease when you don't have good information on these basic facts.
5057 Women are deemed to be so inferior when it comes to emotions because they can only act `crazy' when showing them while men are allowed to behave like hooligans and every thinks `oh well he's a man so whatever. '
5058 I mean, we're building. He's a fierce competitor. He's a great quarterback. He's the greatest of all time. I don't know why that's what everybody is writing about. Hey, people need something to write about. But, you know...
5059 Some of us were able to take advantage of that, pick up good fruit at a good price.
5060 It is pretty risk-off out there. It is definitely a day of lower bonds yields, falling equity indexes and tin hats.
5061 a little bit above 2% does not bother me.
5062 One really unique thing that's special to this year, that is definitely different from any other, is that this is our 100th season so there's going to be very special unique elements that are going to happen as part of this game that we've never done.
5063 That will be good for us and we'll return to that gradually improving trend we looked like we were on before the virus.
5064 The outbreak presented a material near-term risk to the economic outlook for China and for international trade flows, and thereby the Australian economy,
5065 Once the virus is contained, a recovery in the global economy is expected, with the recovery supported by both the large fiscal packages and the significant easing in monetary policy that has taken place.
5066 Importantly we may be seeing some early signs that strength in housing markets is transferring through to other sectors, with dwelling approvals recording their first annual rise since mid-2018 and the value of new mortgage commitments up 5.9 per cent over the year to November, driven by a 10 per cent increase in owner-occupier commitments.
5067 They are innovative and contain world-leading security features that keep the banknotes secure,
5068 While it was not possible to provide an updated set of forecasts for the economy given the fluidity of the situation, it [ is ] likely that Australia [ will ] experience a very material contraction in economic activity, which [ will ] spread across the March and June quarters and potentially longer.
5069 The lesson of earlier crises is that one sector's problems in a situation like this quickly become every other sector's problems.
5070 There is much exciting work left to be done on better understanding changes in labor market inequality and in designing and testing more effective policies to foster opportunity and more broadly shared prosperity,
5071 We want to break new ground and surprise people using the latest building methods combined with bespoke designs. We are offering a range of customisable homes and apartments to suit a wide range of modern families, lifestyles and budgets. We can't wait to get going.
5072 a key input in the decision is how uncertainty unwinds going forward, and how that impacts on demand. We will be watching very closely how firms and households respond to Brexit developments.
5073 Despite the policy responses, we will not be able to avoid a rise in unemployment, which will weigh on real wage growth across the economy.
5074 By all indications, Poland is an economic success, but Poles still travel Europe in search of better jobs. Nothing depends on us.
5075 It's not just that the owners of the oil companies are worse off, it's also the workers, and then it does trickle down to housing prices and auto sales and everybody is hurt,
5076 My grandmother, born in the 1930s, used to stay in the car while my grandfather went to vote. My mom votes as often as my dad.
5077 That would have been difficult to do in 2008, but now they have both the infrastructure and market acceptance for this approach,
5078 This medical diplomacy is also trying to improve its negative international image over the past few years,
5079 To be able to provide an evening of unfiltered fun and entertainment for our loyal fans, while also having the opportunity to bring joy, comfort, and laughter into the lives of children who are fighting the ultimate battle is truly the best of both worlds
5080 You've got all these people living in London, Woodstock and Kitchener, and commuting to Toronto every day,
5081 Broadly, it started all on the basis that we understood the club could have been possibly days away from actually being liquidated,
5082 In relation to the meat cleaver, Mr Hobbs stated that this had not been recovered by the police and was still in the premises.
5083 It is a reasonable continuation of what worked in the 20th century.
5084 Let's say that the Gupta family has $100-million in a Dubai bank. Then they instruct the Dubai bank to send that money to India,
5085 The purpose of having this type of law is not just for the people who are sanctioned, but also for those who are afraid that they might be sanctioned. So, if you look at the way in which a human rights violator behaves, they're saying that there's an incentive to violate people's rights -- probably a financial incentive. And in most of these countries, up until recently, there's never been a consequence. There's never been a disincentive. So, anybody who is looking at costs and benefits of certain actions, they'll say there's a benefit and no cost. By having a Magnitsky Act in place, we now create a cost.
5086 Okay, I've accomplished what I set out plus to accomplish.
5087 The immune system could be given a type of vaccination card that, for example, allows them to be exempted from restrictions on their work,
5088 still too timid and needs to be titanic in scale
5089 This could be an opportunity of a generation,
5090 timely, measured and sensible for our most vulnerable
5091 We applaud the move by Woolworths because it is much needed and we would urge others to follow suit,
5092 have come almost full circle
5093 I add a little bit of lettuce and frisee, put the burrata on top, and serve it with crispy lavash chips. Hazelnuts add texture, and I use some flowers from our garden. It's a perfect summer dish.
5094 If we want to have a fighting chance, we need it immediately,
5095 We cannot deliver the Africa we want with such budgets,
5096 inject resources into the economy with the expectation that that will enhance productivity.
5097 Lead from that place. Oh, by the way, sometimes tears show up.
5098 Realizing the rights of people living with disabilities to full and equal participation in economy and society is not only the right thing to do but benefits everyone in building a common sustainable world. To tap into the full potential of human diversity, business must address this next frontier of inclusion and create accessible and inclusive working cultures for people with disabilities. The Valuable 500 is one of the catalysts for change in this regard, helping to build inclusive businesses and, ultimately, inclusive economies and societies,
5099 There are many people who work in one place but are really worried to return there because they may get stuck for several weeks or months,
5100 This would be less bad than the deep recessions of 1981-82 and 2008-09 but worse than the mild recessions of 1991 and 2001,
5101 Economists often emphasize the positive effects of lower oil prices for the consumer via higher real income, which are real,
5102 were almost ready to accept developed nations commitment to cut emissions by only 80 percent. It still sounds like a lot but he explained to everyone from campaigners to ministers that this was not nearly enough when historical emissions and other often-ignored factors were included. The world now thinks in terms of the North having to do `negative emissions,' and that's only part of how he helped to align everyone's thinking on environment and development agendas, which was also a pretty painful process for some people especially in the North.
5103 what would normally be a few months' worth of job loss happens in a few weeks.
5104 1. Es ist verblffend, dass die Erholung so lange, so stark und so robust andauert. 2. Das Tempo des Jobwachstums ist heute so ziemlich das gleiche wie in jedem der letzten 8 Jahre.
5105 But it's also one in which we are all playing a vital role.
5106 As our company manages this issue, it's important to remember that millions of people and companies around the world are relying on us,
5107 Hopefully, it will be no such thing and all of the scientific skills of China and the rest of the world will enable us to escape from this becoming a global pandemic. The main message is: we need to prepare for random shocks, which may affect our economy.
5108 However, other reasons for the global manufacturing slowdown also preceded, or were contemporaneous with trade.
5109 It's by no means the end of the world.
5110 should be scrapped entirely,
5111 There are scenarios where much more resources may be required. We'll adapt our approach and resources as needed.
5112 This statement is inaccurate and not fact-based. It impugns the integrity of the African Development Bank,
5113 Today's agreement will ensure the survival of football in Ireland. As an organisation, we must now remain focused on the fact that failure to reach today's historic agreement would have placed the FAI in extreme peril.
5114 We must minimise business closures and job losses, and the best chance of achieving that is to minimise cash outflows from the businesses,
5115 It has been a difficult journey to get to this place, where we can finally heave a sigh of relief knowing that Irish football has a secure future. Today we are delivering for all those who depend on football for their livelihood, as well as those who play, coach, volunteer, support or just love to support the game. That's a lot of people.
5116 an intensive round of talks over the next few days
5117 We are keeping the border open, we are not going that far. But we are certainly not going to encourage measures which are going to heighten the risk.
5118 I'm very pleased to welcome Roy Barrett, Catherine Guy and Liz Joyce and to thank them as well for taking on what is going to be an extremely formidable task,
5119 It would be wise to think about what you would want to happen to your body, and to get input from your loved ones ahead of time,
5120 It's a race to see who's the poorest,
5121 sources of vitality, a reminder of the possibilities of form, for each of us as we walk on the campus.
5122 The Russian Foreign Ministry has also established a task force coordinating efforts in this area.
5123 They make you sew yourself gauze facial masks and wash them. They don't provide you with the protective suits. They put at risk you and all our country. This is silliness of the authorities. Officials want to avoid the panic.
5124 We take our responsibilities as good corporate citizens extremely seriously. We find our strength in the unshaken trust reposed by our customers, shareholders, partners and employees,
5125 We're at the early stages of discovery,
5126 IPO ratchet has an enormous impact on the valuation,
5127 Locally, business conditions in the UAE worsened for the first time in over a decade as the outbreak risks further disruption to the Gulf's trade and tourism,
5128 And the fact that there's a lot more key production chains in China, which have been shut down.
5129 public health response, businesses and the economy as needed
5130 Russia has got the best hand in the geopolitical oil game,
5131 so he could buy Tiffany and sell his trinkets to more billionaires.
5132 So far, we are in a state of evaluating the situation. We don't prepare any specific steps at the moment. We have a space for a possible lowering of rates,
5133 The efforts will only yield fruition if we first take charge of internal confidence issues dogging the economy,
5134 The new world of branding is all about leveraging the connectivity that exists in the world, which is the connectivity of information. In a way, technologies that we see today aren't doing anything but connecting each other or connecting machines. And that's a source of competitive advantage. So when you want to build brands today, rather than doing interruption marketing, you need to find a new way because interruption marketing, the old way of branding and advertising, doesn't work anymore.
5135 The (processing) capacity has been an issue at the best of times,
5136 The whole point of not relying on debt excessively in normal times is precisely to be able to use debt massively and without hesitation in situations like this.
5137 We can guess that other central banks may be poised to cut intraday like the Fed, maybe sequentially, if markets head south again.
5138 About 85% of US investment into European corporate bonds is in dollars,
5139 And then we have the advice to go out in public in something that... can certainly be read as being criminal or nefarious, particularly when applied to black men,
5140 Cantor Fitzgerald is excited give students the opportunity to think about their career paths and futures. It is the responsibility of all business leaders to give back to the next generation,
5141 It's not a good idea for them to go public when the pandemic is still underway; there's too much uncertainty to realistically price the stock.
5142 Since the state government has allowed operation of mining activities during the lockdown, the production, dispatch and supply of raw material is going on. Instructions have been given to the concerned concerned authorities to ensure that the lessees adhere to social distancing guidelines issued by the state government to check spread of Covid-19,
5143 there is not a lot we have to do to really to stimulate or slow down
5144 we should just sit back and let the economy do what it's doing and be ready for that next move in either direction,
5145 any real confidence in its standalone restructuring plan, which the market, shareholders and analysts met with extreme indifference.
5146 as close to being a split decision as possible.
5147 both market functioning and financial intermediation more generally proved resilient.
5148 I brought a letter, a petition to the president... It says here that if he as president of Ukraine signs into law the bill to sell our agricultural land instead vetoing it, he will be breaking the law,
5149 It's just frustrating that we never really fixed this stuff to begin with,
5150 We'll find out within a week or two whether they meet their objectives of going back to work and lifting the restrictions,
5151 That's why sentiment has shifted -- because it's very different to have one country on lockdown for a couple of weeks versus rolling lockdowns throughout the global economy.
5152 The measures that we have announced today are in recognition of their hard work and commitment and are part of a wider package of support available to help partners during this extraordinary time.
5153 We truly regret that these sorts of incidents keep repeating. It seems to have been caused by ineffective coordination among Malaysian authorities, among other things,
5154 a wholesale lack of understanding of the seriousness of his crimes and a lack of compassion for his victims, underscoring that he is undeserving of compassionate release himself,
5155 At Hong Kong Disneyland, we currently estimate the closure of the park could have an additional adverse impact on operating income of about $40 million for the second quarter,
5156 highly dependent on the duration of the closures,
5157 First, there was a growing demand for African scholars to be on the forefront of the studies of their respective countries and thus break the stronghold on the analysis of African reality by researchers elsewhere. If Africa was to be developed, it was incumbent upon African scholars that a large part of our understanding of our societies should be generated from within Africa... One of the most humiliating experiences of African scholars is witnessing intellectual `debates' on their countries in which nationals are only marginally engaged, if at all.
5158 The problem with a UBI is that they would write a check to check people like me. I'm still getting paid and I can still do my work,
5159 There are better ways to target the money to the people who are really in need.
5160 The reason I do that,
5161 Because of quarantine measures that are taking effect in China and the U.S., the University may not be able to effectively assist travelers attempting to return from China.
5162 It is like throwing a drop in the ocean for many while you could have used that amount to cure the injuries of only a few.
5163 Sales of basic goods is resilient but higher household debt is eroding spending on [ the ] consumption of durable goods. On the higher value-added model, China is climbing up the technological ladder as shown by the lower reliance on foreign intermediate goods but also facing higher global uncertainties,
5164 Either China massively increases imports and reduces current account surplus from the current 1.5 per cent of GDP (gross domestic product), or it engages in trade diversion away from current providers of goods which compete with the US,
5165 The IMF program, according to which we reached an agreement at the management level, is required for three years. However, having fully completed it, there is a chance to leave the IMF,
5166 After the return of the Office to the control of the Finance Ministry, we have an ambitious and challenging task - to quickly reorganize into a small but very institutionally strong body that will focus on public companies and monitor public procurement and conduct the necessary work with law enforcement agencies,
5167 This is an organization that is stepping into its moment,
5168 We're exploring the switch, but it's not a simple process. For other products like apparel, this shift might be easier, but there are so many technical components in shoes, it's difficult to co-ordinate shifting all those suppliers to another country while maintaining quality.
5169 2019 was an active and productive year for us. Within our private equity platform, we returned $3.7 billion to our investors -- the second largest amount in our history -- through multiple realization events. We were also busy on the investing front completing several new attractive acquisitions.
5170 All airlines are in constant communication with us; we will provide them with aid to ensure they withstand this crisis. We are not talking about grants and compensation, we are talking about providing them with a stable cash flow in order to help them through the crisis.
5171 I've had the great privilege of also living through the centennial of Harvard Business School in 2008,
5172 The answer is because, by the time people figured out what was going on, they were overrun with this enormous caseload... One of the real tragedies in China is that so many healthcare workers have been infected and in some cases have died. But if you start at the beginning, and it's a small outbreak, and you recognize that's what it is quickly, and you can put these things into practice, then my calculations suggest that it is definitely containable.
5173 the only airline that we're very keen to invest in in India, once the atmosphere exists that we could invest and be able to benefit from the synergies that these two airlines, Qatar Airways and IndiGo, will provide
5174 There [ are ] two particular diets that have been linked to colon cancer, and one is the Western-style diet... and the other is a low-carb low-fibre diet,
5175 We have requested for the honorary citizenship of Pakistan for Daren Sammy. The application is currently at President's table. I request the PCB chairman to put in a good word for Sammy, so it can be approved. Sammy's voice notes were too emotional for Pakistan when PCB was trying to hold the PSL season 2 finale in Lahore,
5176 Another thing is communities can learn from each other,
5177 be sustainable, as once demand was destroyed, prices would fall back again only to tee up for another spike, as we have seen the last year,
5178 Global real GDP is estimated to slow down by 2.9 percent from 3.6 percent. Slower growth was generally as a result of uncertainty on world trade,
5179 It is even more important when we see our goods going to China not just us receiving so the trend is indeed commendable,
5180 The biggest challenge is obviously lab classes. We have to work with teachers and faculty as to what we can do to best do alternative instruction in those cases.
5181 Thank you to everyone for their patience and creativity as we deal with these changes over the next month. We'll continue to adapt our plans as information changes, keeping the health and safety of our campus community at the center of our decisions to update campus.
5182 I'm proud of the progress we've made in our efforts to attract and maintain the very best.
5183 The Labor/HHS budget is where a significant number of progressive priorities are, from Head Start to (the National Institutes of Health) to the Education Department,
5184 The reason it was so important we did a randomized, controlled trial, is that if you just look at the individuals in the intervention group, it would look like the program caused a huge reduction in readmissions. But when you look at the individuals in the control group -- who were eligible for the program but were not randomly selected to get it -- you see the exact same pattern.
5185 What we're aspiring to... something bigger than what we've been doing,
5186 But a coordinated fiscal stimulus on the expenditure side, and individually targeted at a national level, that would be a good thing.
5187 But ultimately we have capacity problems getting the money into the hands of the small businesses fast enough, without fraud or bad actors effectively figuring out how to siphon money off.
5188 If [ sellers ] miss the fall market or it's getting late in the fall market, I encourage them to go on in January because, especially uptown, everyone shuts things down and gets into holiday mode,
5189 None of the [ PE ] money is for acquisitions; that's just reserve for the firm.
5190 Now, that cycle is in full swing again, clouding understanding of the economic problem and giving voters reason not to rock the boat for fear of losing what little they have.
5191 They have repeatedly circumvented the law and are also involved in cash-burning to sell goods at cheaper prices and pushing competitors out of the market,
5192 Globally this Chinese virus has not only infected more than five lakh humans, but has wiped out the trajectory of growth. India too is going through a tough phase, but we at SJM are satisfied with the measures taken by the government to curb the menace, help the patients and in their treatment.
5193 This is consistent with the falls in bond yields and hightened growth risk. This is likely to continue until inflation and growth expectations tart to inflect higher. When that happens, we should expect a strong rotation in leadership.
5194 And it turns out that they almost miss half of all the police killings. So using that data was incredibly misleading.
5195 Before the resurgence of neoliberalism in the 1970s, Australian governments accepted responsibility for maintaining full employment, and provided support for all those unable to engage in paid work, whether through age, disability or unemployment on an equal basis.
5196 Evidence is evidence, whether words, numbers, images diagrams, still or moving. It is all information after all.
5197 If you think about it as an equation, [ private vehicle ownership ] is a variable that has not been in the conversation, and it's something that should we be considering as we think about what is the best way to provide transportation options to the public,
5198 The birdlife is just outstanding. The birds don't seem to be too upset at all,
5199 He always combined his scholarship with his activism. He pushed the frontiers of our understanding of how Canada's economy worked, but always with the goal of making it stronger and fairer,
5200 I thought he was coming over, as he has for the last 10 years, to quietly get things done.
5201 The National Register of Citizens and the Citizenship Amendment Act by the BJP and Modi regime bear frightening similarities to the early Nuremberg laws of the Third Reich in 1930's Germany,
5202 We are currently awaiting the regulatory approvals and will provide the market with updates in due course.
5203 Because decades of experience show there are serious logistical and political challenges to designing systems that drive teacher quality,
5204 It's a huge change from yesterday. By this time we would have normally sold at least $300.
5205 In addition to signing the agreements, USD 1 billion has been obtained as well. Ranil Wickremesinghe has failed to tell this to the country so far. Were the agreements signed or not? Ranil Wickremesinghe must also say whether USD 1 billion had been obtained or not. At the same time, the present government must say what is to be done with regard to the agreements and the money that had been obtained. Claiming that the MCC agreement would be amended to remove any unfavourable impact is a ruse.
5206 I've met with EBRD President Suma Chakrabarti and thanked him for the active support for major Ukrainian projects,
5207 The false calm is over; the old North Korean nuclear crisis is back on -- only it has just entered a deadly serious phase,
5208 Well, this is the effect of X on Y,
5209 If the Fed increases the rate that they're paying banks to hold reserves, it's going to reduce the incentive for banks to lend out funds,
5210 Americans are spending ever more on health care, and private equity owned physician firms have exacerbated medical debt through high surprise medical bills. As patients with coronavirus pour into emergency rooms and hospitals, private equity firms have even more opportunities to make outsized returns on the backs of sick people.
5211 an orchestrated change between scenes.
5212 Her data-driven approach to parenting really helps mitigate some of the anxieties first-time parents have,
5213 I don't know any cause where he worked well.
5214 If you think that this is going to have a happy legacy for international relations, think again.
5215 it is striking that the White House is not more involved alongside the Treasury Department,
5216 It's like saying, `The storm will be over soon and I won't be stuck in this situation for long, '
5217 On information, three fire fighting units rushed to the spot and doused the fire
5218 That's definitely affecting the movement of people as well as goods and services, and that's creating this confidence problem.
5219 The government alone cannot deliver the resources we need to win the fight against extreme poverty. At the moment, Nigeria is the poverty capital of the world. We must create multiple entry points to allow local and global influencers come together and make a difference. Innovative financing models, creative partnerships and new technology is what this movement to end poverty must deliver
5220 This needs to be backed in the UK with bold policies to cut our global footprint and future trade deals that clearly reject deforestation and other poor agricultural practices.
5221 absolutely safe, comprehensive and uncontaminated,
5222 If you're in a window, there's obviously now two seats on one side of you. And so you've cut down that zone of risk by actually six people -- because the people in front of them and behind them.
5223 Is grass-only still feasible in NZ farming?
5224 It's now possible that at least a proportion of first-time buyers will be converted into repeat buyers,
5225 It's very, very hard to know the required amount as no one has ever seen a supply-induced recession or depression,
5226 less was done in the six years of the NDA on privatisation than might otherwise have been possible
5227 One of the first things the BJP government tried to do on coming to power was to capture the universities. They put handpicked people from the RSS as vice-chancellors in a whole range of universities -- JNU, Santiniketan.... The idea was they would infiltrate the teachers' association, the students' union.... The person who was selected as VC of JNU used to run shakhas at his home
5228 The deportation made it hard to accept being recognized,
5229 The dollar's strength is, in effect, a powerful short-covering rally,
5230 The dollar's safe-haven status is being tarnished,
5231 antidote to the symptoms of a hangover
5232 He's not going to Detroit. He's going to Shanghai.
5233 If food is an essential component to our lives, given that we're about a month from the most critical weekend for gardening -- Victoria Day weekend -- I would certainly recommend that the federal government encourage provinces to make garden centres an essential service,
5234 On one side you have certain departments like Health Canada telling Canadians how to eat then, on the other hand, you have agriculture and what we produce and it's not even closely consistent,
5235 Paul Manafort was an ally. Roger Stone is family.
5236 The crash of the housing bubble sent construction plummeting.
5237 They're working in sectors like hotels, restaurants and retail that are being harder hit.
5238 We don't need people making only $1.60 an hour,
5239 ... the respondent very well or ought to have known that I ceased to be a board member of UniBank since 2009 when I was appointed into a ministerial position and that I had no connection whatsoever with the collapse of UniBank in 2018.
5240 Are there any successful policies and programs to fight overweight and obesity? (2016)
5241 In the circumstances of the virus and given that government policy has actually led to the position these airlines are in... then I think there is a case for saying we can provide some short-term debt assistance,
5242 It shifts some of the adjustment to the shock from the consumer and service sector to the energy sector. Spreading the pain is how economies adjust.
5243 Leaving out the provision of 10kg food grains for households excluded from the PDS (the public distribution system) for which no exclusive provision had been made so far, the cost of relief measures listed in the CM's letter would barely add up to Rs 50 crore, less than 0.1 per cent of the Jharkhand government's annual budget,
5244 seemingly suddenly, India's economy has taken ill.
5245 There is genuine uncertainty and we have to deal with the uncertainty at the pace we get more clarity on what direction the economy is heading,
5246 Now, after failing to sustain the $7,000 + level we are seeing an increase in open-interest in options, fueling higher selling pressure,
5247 There is going to be an awful overhang of debt and at some point there is going to have to be a bit of reckoning with that and some winding back.
5248 Imagine spending months getting them over here and then having to drag them all the way up that hill from the port.
5249 The savings don't come out of the sky.... That means layoffs. There's just no way around it.
5250 The UK's international productivity gap is, to a large degree, a long tail problem,
5251 What we need to do urgently is put in process a program that takes into account both external creditors and the provincial economy of Buenos Aires,
5252 Beacon's customers enjoy a partnership that supports their businesses at every stage, from sales to project management to job close-out. We are proud to be raising the Beacon flag in all our markets so that customers can recognize the quality products and services offered on-site and online,
5253 If there is any real substance to this deal, it isn't in the text but rather an informal commitment by China not to guide the yuan down from its already depreciated levels versus the dollar so long as the truce holds.
5254 She's the backbone of all this operation to be honest,
5255 The choices that you make now can seem subtle, but they can have dramatic long-term impacts,
5256 The spike in claims in early December, to a two-year high of 252K, has now fully reversed, confirming that seasonal adjustment problems over the holiday season were the issue, rather than a genuine increase in the pace of lay-offs. Before the December jump, the trend in claims was stable at about 215K, and that's the level we expect to see over the next few months, at least. Note that the next couple of weeks, though are likely to see a modest bounce, again due to seasonal adjustment issues,
5257 Powell's statement suggests to us that policymakers are assessing the impact of the damage done in markets so far before deciding how and when to act.
5258 Activity can't be sustained at this level, and a hefty correction in January is a good bet,
5259 The Phase One trade deal leaves 25% tariffs on imported Chinese capital and intermediate goods in place, and we see little chance of a comprehensive trade deal to remove them before November's election.
5260 Manufacturing is back in recession,
5261 The increase in the pace of payroll growth visible in the previous data for 2018, which most analysts ascribed to the tax cuts, has disappeared,
5262 It is not a coronavirus story. That likely will come in March, when we expect to see the beginning of a serious downshift in job growth,
5263 The lack of testing [ in America ] in the early stages of the outbreak means that cases will continue to rise sharply,
5264 This is not cyclical creative destruction; it's just destruction, and only government action can limit the disaster,
5265 The consensus for today's first post-apocalypse jobless claims number (1.5 million), looks much too low,
5266 We aren't worried that tariffs are about to drive up core inflation to an alarming pace. But they are making a difference in some components, and they add to the case that core inflation is much more likely to rise than fall this year.
5267 there's a bit of a row going on between [ Coombs ] and Len Hewitt.
5268 They weren't comparing like with like, they were often comparing a luxury room price to a standard room price,
5269 Returns should be lower because interest rates are lower,
5270 We have imposed conditions on this authorisation to help minimise this risk by preventing insurers from coordinating to increase premiums, and ensuring agreements entered into under the authorisation cannot last longer than necessary because of the COVID-19 pandemic,
5271 Australia went into this crisis with two full service airlines and it's really important that we come out the other end with two full service airlines,
5272 At a time of crisis such as in war or with a pandemic, where there is a common enemy to fight for the nation's survival, and so a sense of national purpose, co-ordination is both efficient and carries little or no downside,
5273 immediate and irreparable damage to a competitive Australian air passenger transport industry
5274 TPG have been trying to get into mobiles since 2013... we think that's a better predictor of the future than listening to the merger parties and taking your cue off them.
5275 Airlines are facing significant challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including rapidly escalating travel restrictions. The ACCC stands ready to urgently assist airlines with any coordination arrangements that are necessary and appropriate during this crisis.
5276 The petrol market is one we take a big interest in because the government's given us a price monitoring role which means we're very closely involved and obviously it's a sector where consumers get very concerned, particularly when prices go up by 20 or 30 cents in a couple of days so that is obviously not related to costs.
5277 some time in the winter
5278 This crisis is a supply shock that you can't fight with monetary or fiscal policy.
5279 global equities to tank by 30 to 40 percent this year.
5280 In India, there is one more level of complication. If oil prices rise to $80, it would worsen fiscal and trade situation. Macroeconomic policies in India are not where they should be,
5281 too soon to even speculate
5282 as we assess the appropriate path of the target range for the federal funds rate.
5283 And what we said in our programs if they've been downgraded after the date of the crisis they will have access to these new facilities.
5284 Supply chains are very important, so to the extent that supply chains are disrupted by the coronavirus, that can show up in terms of inputs to the US economy,
5285 While my colleagues and I are attuned to the potential for a hall of mirrors problem, in my experience this affliction is one the Federal Reserve guards against and doesn't suffer from,
5286 The US economy is in a good place, inflation is stable,
5287 Of course, if developments emerge that, in the future, trigger a material reassessment of our outlook, we will respond accordingly,
5288 it may be appropriate to gradually transition away from active repo operations this year
5289 What's scaring the American people and corporate America now is the gradual roll-out,
5290 We have redeployed substantially all of the net proceeds from our hedges by adding to our investments in Agilent, Berkshire Hathaway, Hilton, Lowe's, and Restaurant Brands. We have also purchased several new investments including reestablishing our investment in Starbucks which we sold in January. The proceeds of the hedges have enabled us to become a substantially larger shareholder of a number of our portfolio companies, and to add some new investments, all at deeply discounted prices.
5291 I am beginning to get optimistic,
5292 This will enable the inevitable viral breakouts to be identified early and minimized with localised quarantines, reducing the impact on the overall U.S. economy and the need for future shutdowns,
5293 will shed light on what additional experiments need to be done
5294 You start with the $715 million package... which won't have much political controversy as it's just getting rid of charges temporarily, it's not a big cash splash,
5295 if we lose a man, we want to put a man in.
5296 I think it will cause a reset of thoughts about globalisation. I think it will also reset our thoughts about too much reliance on China as a trading partner. I think that was happening before coronavirus. I think that's how Trump got elected.
5297 It is the recession we have deliberately created due to the measures we've had to take to flatten the curve, which makes it very different to past recessions that were unexpected and policy-makers were quite shocked at the depth and length of them,
5298 $1,000 to every adult who is a U.S. citizen or a taxpaying U.S. resident, and $500 to every child who meets the same criteria.
5299 It will miss people. If your income gets cut in half, that doesn't help you.
5300 I was a key part of the negotiation that resulted in the payroll tax cut in 2011 and 2012. I continue to think it was the best we could do at the time given the political constraints. But it was far from optimal then and would be even further from optimal now,
5301 I've never seen Congress move so fast to do something so large,
5302 His gracious presence in the PSL 5 festivity will not only adorn the Zalmi dugout but also inspire and craft the cricket skills of the emerging players in the squad,
5303 HP hasn't done any great thing for the last five or six years. So I said `In any way, put the companies together. I own stock in both of them. But I want Visentin to run it. That's what I care about.
5304 companies that are not glamorous and usually out of favor
5305 I owe my entire success to my mother's extraordinary grit and resolve
5306 With rates already so low around the world, these policies are hard to be effective.
5307 If they just take this naive approach of transferring funds, [ the government ] is missing the opportunity to provide broad benefits in the long run,
5308 Some of the U.S. stimulus will spill over to China and some of China's stimulus will spill over to the U.S.
5309 The phase one deal confirms this so it would have been inconsistent for the U.S. to sign the deal and continue to call China a manipulator.
5310 These data could be misused and undermine our national security. We must act and act without any further delay,
5311 We need to highlight the importance of electronic education and take the e-Campus platform as an opportunity for students to practise subjects online, get better and replicate it in their examination rooms.
5312 We walk around the world in choice architecture, and environment matters,
5313 When we don't get a rule for behavior, we look at the people around us.
5314 worst economic fallout since the Great Depression.
5315 Inequality has become one of the most complex and vexing challenges in the global economy,
5316 We need to recognize there is a great deal of uncertainty around the nature of the virus, how exactly it is impacting China, would it spread beyond China,
5317 In this scenario, 2020 growth for China would be 5.6 percent. This is 0.4 percentage points lower than the January WEO Update. Global growth would be about 0.1 percentage points lower.
5318 Tackling these issues has become even more pressing in light of the coronavirus pandemic and its significant health and economic impact.
5319 In the last two months, portfolio outflows from emerging markets were about $100 billion, more than three times larger than for the same period of the global financial crisis. Commodity exporters are taking a double blow from the collapse in commodity prices and remittances, the lifeblood of so many poor people, are expected to dwindle,
5320 Many governments have already taken significant steps, with major measures being announced on a daily basis - including yesterday's bold, coordinated moves on monetary policy,
5321 This is a very big crisis and it's not going to be sorted out without a very massive deployment of resources,
5322 income and wealth inequality have reached or are near record highs,
5323 To get there, it is paramount to prioritise containment and strengthen health systems -- everywhere. The economic impact is and will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be,
5324 The economic impact is and will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be,
5325 the worst economic fallout since the Great Depression,
5326 catalyze donor support and free resources for essential COVID-19-related health expenditure.
5327 For low-income countries, we have rapid-disbursing emergency financing of up to $10 billion (50 per cent of quota of eligible members) that can be accessed without a full-fledged IMF programme,
5328 Governments must stimulate the global economy in a coordinated fashion.
5329 If you want the economy to prosper, we have to create space.... we need the boost that women can provide.
5330 Case for coordinated and synchronized global fiscal stimulus is becoming stronger by the hour.
5331 We know the disease is spreading quickly with over one-third of our membership affected directly,
5332 Businesses after this outbreak will look at how they are managing their stock and how they are organising production around the world. How taxation is impacting them and where they should locate firms to minimise disruption from natural disasters, but I think we will see a re-organisation of supply chains.
5333 What we have seen over the past decade is effective real-time management of stocks and very integrated supply chains,
5334 This is not a worst-case scenario.
5335 I'd love to be a unicorn,
5336 Investment spending is stable. Interest rates are down. And don't tell us we need more jobs. Unemployment is at a 50 year low. We have too many jobs. South Bay unemployment is below full employment. That's why Terry can't find workers,
5337 isn't the Black Death. Vulnerable people should be very careful. The rest? Get on with normal life,
5338 Arafat and the moderates around him remained the best bet for long-term peace, although terrorist groups such as Hamas [ and ] the Islamic Jihad were gaining support.
5339 It brings the past into the present to talk about the future,
5340 It (the Delhi election result) is an unmitigated disaster like coronavirus for the Congress,
5341 we cannot become a Kerala-centric party.
5342 I have always held this view that if you want to do something on global warming, become a vegetarian,
5343 the darkest day in Krishna Menon's life
5344 So what is the point of taking these envoys there?
5345 why Nehru does not want secular and socialism (in the Preamble) is because he feels that there is not enough of a consensus on both these issues, that there are divergent points of view.
5346 it's not the main driver of U.S. health care spending.
5347 more adaptable and more resilient than they might have been otherwise.
5348 Students who need to remain on campus will also receive instruction remotely and must prepare for severely limited on-campus activities and interactions.
5349 far fewer people crossed our paths recently than is usually the case
5350 Over the years, Aba has evolved as a centre of entrepreneurship and SMEs. The city has the potential to be a competitive industrial hub for Nigeria and for Africa. For this reason, the Bank will continue to support your vision,
5351 to light up and power Africa, to feed Africa, to industrialise Africa, to integrate Africa, and to improve the quality of life of the people of Africa. Five simple, strategic, and highly focused objectives.
5352 Signing the covenant is our way of showing our commitment to offering the best possible service to the armed forces community.
5353 Thailand and India should leverage their new land link to strengthen ties when the 1,360-kilometre trilateral highway is completed next year.
5354 The Cabinet has risen to the occasion by coming up with a bigger budget than the earlier announced one,
5355 The world economic decline and the global Covid -19 virus attack, can last longer than we think. Hence we have to be very cautious in our planning and implementation of the Stimulus Package, during these fluid times,
5356 a great reversal of our Industrial Age habits is taking place. The American economy is now experiencing broad and often deep absolute dematerialization.
5357 Appropriate actions taken by other parties, including global public health officials and fiscal authorities, would likely do more to support confidence and spending by helping to contain the spread of the virus, ensure adequate health-care services are available to the sick, speed development of a vaccine, and provide relief to workers and smaller businesses that are affected by the pullback in activity.
5358 the exact kind of potential mechanisms through which the U.S. economy can be affected,
5359 You have to be forward-looking,
5360 Inflation is low, labor markets are strong, and the economy appears to be growing at around-trend of 2%,
5361 Lack of liquidity in financial markets is a first-order problem that can reverberate through the financial system and the economy,
5362 I would not at this point want to take deliberate action just to try to get inflation back up,
5363 I was anticipating that in the first half of the year we were going to have some really bad numbers, and seeing that number today just confirms how bad it is,
5364 Employers could change withholding tables tomorrow,
5365 The financial markets and the coronavirus gave us advance warning. We really got a month's notice on what was coming at us, and we just ignored it,
5366 made $350,000 last year to infrequently write stories that generated little meaningful viewership or revenue.
5367 Your boyfriend is so lucky to have you.
5368 prone to hype things to beyond what they are,
5369 There's no vaccination. There's no cure.... If I was an investor, I'd be really nervous.
5370 I do think the stock market's going to find a bottom once we get a peak in the epidemic curve, [ there's ] not a doubt in my mind the stock market will rally,
5371 take heart that we counteracted this existential shock with the greatest fiscal monetary bazooka -- it's not even a bazooka, it's more like a nuclear bomb,
5372 That meant I would've had work for four or five months out of the year, and then I'd be able to do a movie like a Bad Boys or something like that.
5373 I've been ordered by the powers higher than me that I'm not allowed to speak on the subject,
5374 The most crucial are our farmers, who cultivate fractured landholdings and are often not updated on the global demand trends,
5375 The only solution will be when we come to the table together and solve it.
5376 We have asked House and Senate leadership to prioritize legislation in their committees to the extent possible in order to finish critical bills in an expedited fashion,
5377 This doesn't sound like much, but it can have a meaningful psychological impact on already improving housing markets,
5378 This assessment can change on a dime in today's uncertain world, but for now, the central bank is likely to remain on hold,
5379 This is the global financial crisis that will catapult the price to $100,000 and beyond.
5380 That's how the hospital system became so huge in America... A good society would downplay that, and that's not America.
5381 The protocol is the application,
5382 We had a very good meeting with Ukrainian Defense Minister [ Andriy Zahorodniuk ]. All the Allies expressed strong support to Ukraine, to Ukraine's territorial integrity, to its sovereignty,
5383 This defensive exercise demonstrates the ability to rapidly move a large force from the United States to Europe to help protect other Nato Allies, if needed,
5384 Can we expect a more concrete step from the NATO? There are three million refugees in Turkey
5385 I don't believe in Europe alone, as I don't believe in America alone. I believe in Europe and America together,
5386 For me, it's no surprise that the United States is calling for NATO to do more, because that has actually been the message from the United States for a long time,
5387 We see that in many allied countries, the armed forces are providing support,
5388 Europe and North America are indispensable partners -- two sides to the same coin. together, we are half of the world's military might and half of the world's economic might.
5389 The forces are in their home countries, but, then, they can move quickly, if needed,
5390 We noticed there was a paucity of integrated micro datasets and a lack of consistent treatment of country-level investment positions,
5391 And as the nation's flagship international exchange program, the Fulbright offers unparalleled opportunities for our students to learn, research, teach, create, and form invaluable relationships. I am so proud of our Fulbright awardees and grateful to the staff and faculty who continue to mentor such a remarkable number of students to success through the rigorous application process.
5392 We are starting relatively small,
5393 At the end of the the day, what we will have achieved if this legislation is voted through is landmark legislation that has no precedent in the country and in fact very little precedence in the world, because as far as we know, only the country of France has something similar,
5394 This will not only transform the lives of Seattle's working people, it will set a historical marker for cities around the nation,
5395 I think it is worth noting that the socialist on the City Council has become the most senior council member.
5396 If you shut down for two weeks, then you looking at something like a -16 per cent quarter,
5397 capital deepening, which brings additional returns to the owners of capital, brings substantial returns to workers as well.
5398 Right now, if you have the resources, eat the same way, act the same way, minimize the social gathering to contain the virus,
5399 The equity market is central to the U.S. economy,
5400 There will be a lot of credit problems down the road, delinquencies, defaults, and foreclosures,
5401 I think we could certainly see a 10 to 20 percent correction,
5402 China has gone from being a bit player in the global economy in the early 2000s to an economic powerhouse today,
5403 It's like if Indiana disappeared for an entire year,
5404 The Reserve Bank is working closely with the other financial regulators and the Australian Government to help ensure that Australia's financial markets continue to operate effectively and that credit is available to households and businesses.
5405 a major hit to economic activity and incomes in Australia that will last for a number of months
5406 Lower interest rates could also encourage more borrowing by households eager to buy residential property at a time when there is already a strong upswing in housing prices in place,
5407 In the interim, a priority for the Reserve Bank is to support jobs, incomes and businesses, so that when the health crisis recedes, the country is well placed to recover strongly,
5408 This is a stark reminder that the economic effects of these climate events are material,
5409 When we ship it, our freight costs between $15 and $20 a kilo to get to them.
5410 Over 2019, Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation was 1.8 percent and underlying inflation was a little lower than this.
5411 Then we started this program, and we all had to kind of let go because we have literally no control over the quality of it.
5412 This is not the right time to push for more credit,
5413 This is one problem for which you really need an economist,
5414 not in a equal category
5415 Rajnath Singh should advise Amit Shah to call for the Army to deal with Anti CAA violence. If Amitji agrees it will be a blow to our democratic tradition but bringing to an end this violence is as important for our democracy to survive. Anti CAA agitation is anti national,
5416 happened to East Asia in 1997-2000
5417 A weak response risks losing face, an excessive response risks losing his head.
5418 It's such an obviously unprovable claim I'm surprised it wasn't excised.
5419 For India, macro stability is very important, which means stability on the fiscal front. That would require increasing revenue mobilisation and also rationalising expenditure.
5420 It is important to encourage investment more broadly with the mandate of the country,
5421 The cumulative loss to global GDP over 2020 and 2021 from the pandemic crisis could be around 9 trillion dollars, greater than the economies of Japan and Germany, combined,
5422 These growth rates were lower than the population growth rate in South Africa, in terms of per capita, so these are numbers we would hope are much better, the growth would be much higher than this,
5423 Hand-in-Hand responds directly to the call of the UN Secretary-General for transformative change in the 21st century. With the critical support of the African Union and our partners, Let us Silence the Guns by working Hand-in-Hand -- for peace and development.
5424 this traditional way of eating is increasingly giving way to changing habits and lifestyles -- from diverse and balanced meals to more monotonous meals high in fats, sugar and salt.
5425 I ask the leaders of (Russia's regions) to pay attention to (Moscow's) experience and to work out the possibility of introducing such measures in their regions,
5426 We ask our citizens to minimize their travel,
5427 We even have import-export data, so we can surf through the entire economy to track the value-added chain from origination to final sale,
5428 In the absence of a major unexpected geopolitical event, looking at supply and demand of oil, we do not see any reason for prices to increase substantially in the next months to come as the market is very well supplied,
5429 We see India definitely as a key driver for oil demand growth,
5430 I believe in a few years' time, when you look at 2020, we may well see that it was the worst year in the history of global oil markets,
5431 The coronavirus crisis is affecting a wide range of energy markets - -- including coal, gas and renewables - -- but its impact on oil markets is particularly severe because it is stopping people and goods from moving around, dealing a heavy blow to demand for transport fuels,
5432 Monday's meeting with OPEC + countries can well be a good start, but even the numbers people are talking about may not be enough to find a solution to the problem. It would only help to mitigate the damage we are seeing.
5433 We have an important window of opportunity. Major economies around the world are preparing stimulus packages. A well designed stimulus package could offer economic benefits and facilitate a turnover of energy capital which have huge benefits for the clean energy transition,
5434 We are making a big push in the power sector... but governments need to increase the focus on energy in transport and energy in industry.
5435 Manufacturers are all trying to produce more, but they also need the logistics capacity to move it.
5436 Our organization remains deeply committed to creating a sustainably winning franchise,
5437 Whether if it's a yes or a no.. Our voice needs to be heard. It's an interesting time. Hopefully, we can get his done. If you asked me, it is a pretty good deal. It is. Is it a perfect deal, no.. But I'm hard-pressed to find such a thing as the perfect deal.
5438 In the coming weeks and months, we will be launching a formal search for a new general manager. We're very optimistic about our future... our organization remains deeply committed to creating a sustainably winning franchise.
5439 If you paint a perception through the media that the Beltline is a fun, active place to go, you'll get residual benefit off of that,
5440 Tom Fitzgerald will serve as interim General Manager and he will receive support from Martin Brodeur, who will serve as an adviser to and on hockey operations,
5441 significant opportunity for expansion of our private equity franchise in Europe,
5442 The action taken by the Monetary Board yesterday will complement the measures that are already in place to revive economic activity, by inducing a further reduction in market lending rates and boosting liquidity conditions in the domestic money market,
5443 There should be fifty shades of green, if not more.
5444 Extreme weather events damage infrastructure and private property, negatively affect health, decrease productivity and destroy wealth.... If some companies and industries fail to adjust to this new world, they will fail to exist.
5445 There is anecdotal evidence where we have seen a sharp fall in trading conditions particularly in retail.
5446 review a range of macroeconomic and financial system scenarios and their implications, and they will continue to meet as needed and will act as appropriate
5447 could support a more resilient payments landscape
5448 selective information, spin, misdirection.
5449 I accept that in other jurisdictions they can work, but I'm feeling fortunate that at least it looks like I'm going to get out without having negative rates,
5450 We expect local conditions to remain relatively stable during 2020. The Louisville region has experienced strong growth in recent years, particularly in the areas of manufacturing, logistics and multifamily real estate. Eclipse Bank saw growth of nearly 20% last year in both loans and deposits, and our current loan pipeline reflects continued momentum. Troubled-loan ratios have continued a downward trend. We have also benefitted from much-needed common sense regulatory relief and a repeal of the Kentucky bank franchise tax. Disciplined interest rate management will be a point of emphasis in 2020, as a persistently low rate environment and strong competition continue to pressure net interest margins.
5451 We've got 15 volunteers that have been recruited by Janet Thompson and it's great there are people in the town who want to help out.
5452 They also threw all the books and games across outside and they were left wet and ruined because of the bad weather.
5453 As we approach the 50th anniversary of the Environmental Protection Agency and EPA proudly touts its `progress for a stronger future,' President Trump has again proposed to slash the agency's budget by almost a third. I would hardly call that `progress for a stronger future,
5454 The new NAFTA fails to recommit the United States to the Paris Agreement,
5455 Not only will this not address the challenges along our southern border, but diverting these funds appropriated to the Department of Defense will impact the readiness of our National Guard and make Americans, and our military, less safe. If President Trump is serious about securing the border, he should work with Congress to build upon the smart investments made by the Obama administration to address the root causes of irregular migration at the U.S. southern border -- rather than raiding funding dedicated to our military and National Guard.
5456 The American Energy Innovation Act presents the Senate with a rare opportunity to legislate, and with that comes an even rarer opportunity to enact bipartisan policy that would meaningfully address climate change while supporting American workers and businesses,
5457 Even if the only nominee this president has nominated to the board -- Katherine Lemos -- is confirmed before then, the board will again be left with only one member in August when Kristen Kulinowski's term expires.
5458 In doing so, the White House created a two track system to receive and process comments -- one track for those working closely with the White House and another for the rest of the public,
5459 The apparent absence of EPA authorship of its own Clean Air Act vehicle greenhouse gas emissions rule may be unlawful,
5460 Cost controls are going to be really, really hard,
5461 We are not against capitalism,
5462 I want to see him personally. I voted for him last time, because my wife said so. This time, I want to vote for him because I want to.
5463 makes no sense in its policies, it's incoherent,
5464 Phase out coal and don't replace it all with natural gas,
5465 renaissance in extended family living
5466 We did grow at 8.4 per cent for the first seven years of the UPA but if growth in 2019-20 is below 5 per cent and it moves up to only 5.5 per cent in 2020-21, the economy would have to grow much faster than 9 per cent in the next four years. This is simply not feasible. I wish the finance minister had admitted that we are off target. She didn't. If the government thinks they are firmly on track for the $5-trillion economy, then of course they would be right to go on with business as usual. But we are definitely not on track and that is why we need to take corrective steps,
5467 A strategy will be worked out that ensures economic activities are not affected and efforts will be made to ensure that food items do not face shortages and their prices do not increase,
5468 If we do not take right decisions, it is likely that we would also fail,
5469 our institutions are not built for this
5470 Public sector financing needs have risen, increasing risk premiums and pushing borrowing costs for the broader economy higher. Implementation of prudent macroeconomic policies and structural reforms that lower costs and increase investment, potential growth and job creation, remains urgent.
5471 reconsider non-essential personal or business travel away from Dane County
5472 suggests a design flaw on the part of the government's program.
5473 The borrower feels the impact. If it's for consumption then there is less consumption, if for investment then there is less investment. We're basically running the IMF program. As things stand we are meeting all the indicators and targets given to us,
5474 The climate that seems to hang over the heads of state and government and the lack of European solidarity pose a mortal danger to the European Union,
5475 The Fed has not used new tools other than QE and forward guidance, but, within the bounds of its legal authorities, it should not rule out other options,
5476 represent the equivalent of up to three percentage points of cuts in Fed interest rates.
5477 There's Inglourious Basterds and then there's Munich, right? I didn't feel like people would want to be coming back to watch Munich every week,
5478 Wanting to gain vengeance can be Jewish, too. It's the idea of people who've been so otherized and persecuted for so long reclaiming power that is so political.
5479 Operation Paperclip was a real life operation that the United States government deployed at the end of World War II,
5480 This is a show about vigilantes who reclaim their power and asks the question `If you hunt monsters, do you risk of becoming a monster yourself? It's a timely idea we should be asking ourselves in this day and age,
5481 He lived the role for the eight months that we shot this,
5482 That became the lens through which I began to see the stories of the Holocaust,
5483 the racism and anti-Semitism and xenophobia, the likes of which we haven't seen in decades.
5484 There was certainly dramatic license that we took,
5485 Brazil is seeing something unique, an insurrection of governors,
5486 I had to separate a man and his wife as she was coming the department and she was wailing in pain and he had to stop he couldn't come back,
5487 It's a saturated red painting, he's going to have red paint all over his hands,
5488 It will give him a sense of peace,
5489 In this excellent book, Somin makes a compelling case that migration -- or foot voting -- provides far more political power than voting. Any one voter has a trivially small chance of altering an election, but any household can choose a new state and local government by simply moving. This insight implies that devolving power to local governments will generate far more political voice than any conceivable reform to national elections. Freer international migration would empower even more people to choose their own government. Somin's case is strong, his thinking is clear, and his writing is eloquent.
5490 investors needed to be ready for an extreme market decline.
5491 Later, I was playing goalkeeper in soccer and did well, but I had to make a decision and I turned football down,
5492 right, somber but dignified
5493 We are so excited to have these two additions to the Board of Trustees,
5494 And basically I started pelting my dad with tennis balls which was, I think exhilarating for both of us. I think it was a real bonding experience.
5495 This is good, this is fine. I need to make a better record.
5496 I don't know why he would want to come to the Dolphins, we're a team trying to build for the future,
5497 That was exactly what our Founding Fathers had in mind when Madison drafted the First Amendment.
5498 I don't think people have thought efficiently or carefully about smart strategies that would get the best of both, and make a better trade-off between the two. I say that as someone who is 64, and who might be -- as part of a smart strategy -- isolated,
5499 If each bank and the other banks in the system ease their credit policy even slightly, it will help in overcoming the cash flow difficulties that may weigh down on healthy economic activity, and the economy will weather the intermediate period,
5500 I thank the governor for his trust in me,
5501 My resume is very broad when it comes to academia, but work at the Bank of Israel is something else,
5502 It can also result in people being left unprotected or more vulnerable to the virus.
5503 No monetary, fiscal or regulatory policy response can tackle the health emergency and contain the direct economic fallout from ever-tighter lockdowns. No single such statement may suffice to break the circuit in equity markets. But within the realm of what monetary policy can do, the ECB is now seriously tackling the two key issues facing economic policymakers: easing the liquidity crunch in the economy and helping governments to finance their response to the health emergency.
5504 The bigger the near-term hit, the stronger the rebound thereafter from a very low level,
5505 Details will vary by country, depending on policies, the medical situation and the non-coronavirus trends in demand and supply. By and large, we expect GDP to surpass its late-2019 level roughly two years after the trough,
5506 old guard have now been excised
5507 has an important role to play in developing the game at every level in Ireland.
5508 I think he wrecked rural Ireland and he was aided and abetted by two political parties,
5509 Reaping productivity gains that new technologies enable and making economic growth more inclusive do not have to be mutually exclusive goals,
5510 Recognition and partnership with CZI is an enormous game changer for the children and young adults fighting rare cancers, such as fibrolamellar, which are too often overlooked. CZI's support will bring much needed global awareness to FLC, and significantly increase the power our patients will have to influence research across academia, industry and government. Our hope is this will accelerate discoveries of curative therapies, which currently do not exist, to give our young fighters a better chance to survive this cancer.
5511 The major determinants of health are age, sex and genetics. Twin pairs allow you to control for those three things by design. It's incredibly powerful,
5512 Unfortunately, this budget goes very far in the direction of raising duties and particularly disconcerting is the fact that a lot of the items on which the duties have been raised and that too quite a bit are all labour intensive products,
5513 weaponized for political ends.
5514 For global business-cycle analysts, the 2.5-3.5% growth band is considered the danger zone.
5515 I absolutely would not want anyone to get this,
5516 In the 1850s, the Dutch spent four years on the ground collecting detailed information for the over 10,000 villages that contributed land and labor to the Cultivation System,
5517 There were two reasons -- one is that some, not all, are fabrications, deliberate fabrications for a political purpose,
5518 deliberate fabrications for a political purpose.
5519 a sex pest, but he's not charged with that
5520 You attempted to rape her.
5521 This is under threat if new trade agreements fail to preserve our internationally recognised high standards -- this is where there's a risk that the Agriculture Bill will back-fire.
5522 Our exporters should be taking advantage of these lower rates. It is about taking the risk out of profit margins.
5523 We are excited to bring it together as one announcement that really underscores how we are looking at the Canadian market.
5524 We are building out our go to market capabilities, executing against our product road map, focused on 21 markets and six industries,
5525 At this stage, we think the balance is still more in favor of this being an event-driven bear market, suggesting that the rebound in equity markets will be swift, but from a lower level,
5526 If you have a spending problem, maybe you should err towards the side of the no fee, no frills card so that you're not incentivized to spend more money.
5527 No other business pre-req class that I am aware of does YouTube, so now we will be consistent with all of them,
5528 This is not going to business as usual, and the marketing industry is certainly going to see a real impact,
5529 Engaged!!! @tom_bernthal, you are my everything,
5530 With more and more people physically distancing to slow the spread of COVID-19, staying in touch with loved ones can be difficult,
5531 I love you so much and couldn't be more excited about spending the rest of our lives together.
5532 follow only one guiding principle: Maximize profits irrespective of the consequences.
5533 Whatever happens next, we will be working with businesses to help weather this storm.
5534 If you do this well, you're going to be in a position to give back.
5535 We are thankful to the Indian Government for their flexibility in allowing Qatar Airways to continue supporting worldwide trade connectivity by utilising passenger aircraft to carry freight only while passenger operations remain restricted. We continue to see strong demand for exports and imports, particularly the transportation of essential medical supplies manufactured in India that are pivotal to the global fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
5536 Are you ready to make a profound shift in your well being, identity, relationships and effectiveness? As men, we are called to `toughen' or `roughen' up. We are told we really can't be emotional or show our emotions. Anything that goes against this idea of `manliness' deems you a wimp or sissy.
5537 breach of the purchase agreement between SriLankan and Airbus. In the event of a breach, Airbus will have an opportunity to make claims against SLA.
5538 If trade [ and ] other uncertainties don't get resolved it could lead to wholesale retrenchment among businesses.
5539 We'll back proposals based on their merits, not their origin.
5540 They must not benefit from this crisis.
5541 We're definitely headed to something much deeper than the Great Recession, and comparable to Great Depression in depth,
5542 ... a more favourable credit growth environment should boost activity, creating more business demand for borrowing,
5543 Demand side inflation -- as evidenced by Non-food, non-fuel inflation -- is muted. Our future concerns are around the likely impact of pressure on food prices, given the headline-grabbing locust invasion,
5544 Certainly in the United States we give people second and third chances,
5545 Instead of stress reduction workshops or meditation, reduce stress,
5546 If there's the same amount of damage being done, it's kind of weird that we would hold one set of agents much more responsible and judge them more harshly than another set of agents.
5547 I wouldn't ever say there is anything difficult about it,
5548 I'm not kidding. I love it.
5549 bottom-line, my-way-or-the-highway charismatic CEO is as likely to be the most emotionally stunted, attention-craving, socially maladroit, casually cruel, spectacular boor in the room.
5550 It may hopefully be true that it will be less stigmatizing in this situation, where we have so many more people becoming unemployed for reasons that are clearly no fault of their own.
5551 It will help some, and may put a floor under inflation and interest rates. But fiscal stimulus and direct help for affected sectors is necessary to get recovery,
5552 The AI Economy: Work, Wealth and Welfare in the Robot Age
5553 We estimated that Kurzarbeit had a significant impact on preserving jobs during the global financial crisis, with employment in the second half of 2009 estimated to have been 580, 000 higher than what it would have been in its absence.
5554 We spend so much time separating the music.
5555 When somebody moves from California to Dallas, they may live a better life. Will they have the same impact they would have had had they been in California? I'm not so sure.
5556 ensure that the work, which has been done in the field of refugees and migrants, was completed.
5557 humiliation, dominance, harassment, and discrimination
5558 We're having a national teaching moment on how outdated and full of holes our basic economic security net is,
5559 Our season is ending. All the fruit is already on its way or is there. The vast majority of it has already been marketed, so there shouldn't be any major problems,
5560 Personally, I think it's been a close call, therefore it doesn't take much data to swing it one way or the other,
5561 These are the rates at which private parties -- like households and companies -- actually borrow,
5562 this is not a time to be squeamish about one-off additions to public sector debt. It's more like a wartime situation.
5563 wouldn't be one bit surprised
5564 enabled by an audit industry complicit in a systematic manipulation of Carillion's accounts
5565 Many businesses in my community no longer have flood insurance because it would make their businesses unviable.
5566 Every market will go through a cycle. I would say right now, out west in Alberta and B.C., because they've had their first death and there have been several cases there, they actually did go through a cycle of panic buying,
5567 This is a virus, it's not a natural disaster. Viruses tend to give time to supply management to adjust,
5568 Canadians should take everything into consideration,
5569 It is going to be good for consumers because they're going to have choice and be provided with alternatives, and that's kind of the new normal,
5570 extrapolative expectations... in other words, froth,
5571 All things considered, it was Governing Council's view that the balance of risks does not warrant lower interest rates at this time. In forming this view, we weighed the risk that inflation could fall short of target against the risk that a lower interest rate path would lead to higher financial vulnerabilities, which could make it even more difficult to attain the inflation target further down the road,
5572 Consumer and business confidence could be set back for a longer period of time, causing economic growth to slow more persistently. This could include longer-term layoffs, for example. At this point, we simply do not know.
5573 While Canada's economy has been operating close to potential with inflation on target, the COVID-19 virus is a material negative shock to the Canadian and global outlooks,
5574 I would certainly not rule out quantitative easing. Of course now. That is something that is a standard part of the central bank toolkit.
5575 Forestry Corporation, working with the Rural Fire Service, has also constructed fire breaks which have been back burnt off to prevent fire running into the harvesting slash,
5576 our code does not require a minimum dispensary size,
5577 That is condition and it is not 5 per cent, it is 2.5 per cent,
5578 This ship is the perfect combination of Italian excellence, which is the key heritage of the Costa brand, and sustainable innovation, for an unforgettable vacation experience,
5579 When this crisis came about we first made sure we were helping our clients, and then looked at which part of the community had the greatest need. This stood out as something where we could make a very quick difference for people who need it,
5580 a lack of compassion for his victims
5581 Given the infill location and the pipeline of 7.2 million square-feet of office space in the submarket, there is a supply and demand imbalance in local multifamily which bodes well for existing product in downtown Seattle such as Alley24,
5582 It's very difficult for us to do a fit-and-proper assessment in a proper way. It's an area that is one of the least harmonized.
5583 Sentiment continues to be fragile
5584 There are asset managers that hold relatively illiquid assets like high-yield bonds or loans, and the risk is that the investors in those asset managers might decide to redeem their shares quickly,
5585 So, as the IMF or the World Bank goes into a developing country and says, `What are your debts?' , the country can't tell you because they have a nondisclosure clause that's really tightly written,
5586 recognize the extra burden on poor countries
5587 The goals are to shorten the time to recovery; create conditions for growth; support small and medium enterprises; and help protect the poor and vulnerable,
5588 Some of the stock-outs and slowdowns in grocery check-out lines are because employees are staying at home and practicing social distancing,
5589 was proud to be able to announce the fantastic field of candidates to represent us at the upcoming election. These people are not politicians. They are a mix of experienced experts and energised young people whose generation will face the brunt of society's challenges. They show that TOP is ready to be in government, and push for fundamental change. After years of inaction from both major parties it is only right that we confront the major issues affecting all Kiwis -- let's put the environment front and centre; let's truly tackle the housing crisis; and let's fix the tax and benefit system. This is what our candidates are about; representing the change that New Zealanders want to see.
5590 Families across the country are going online together this week, often juggling work and keeping children busy at the same time. So, we're encouraging people to read our advice on getting the most from their broadband, home phones, and mobiles,
5591 On the Industry Concentration of Actively-Managed Equity Mutual Funds,
5592 The longevity business has quickly moved from wacky land to serious science and within just a couple of decades we expect average life expectancy in the developed world to rise to around 110,
5593 We are currently re-assessing macroeconomic assumptions and we will communicate the results in time,
5594 What we are doing is planning for all eventualities.
5595 have been forgotten in all this
5596 If you look at the existing infrastructure channel today, everyone is building a DevOps practice to support and have something to say when talking to customers about digital transformation.
5597 It's right to call it bad.
5598 not at all in Russia's interest
5599 Risk Exposures in International and Sectoral Balance Sheet Data
5600 The euro area still has space to do this,
5601 The jobless recovery phenomenon is a lot about job losses being permanent instead of temporary.
5602 This recession is huge and extremely abrupt... We could be at levels evoking the Great Depression,
5603 essentially 100% replacement rate
5604 The most glaring, real problem in the bill is that the industry bailouts do not have the provisions that you can't lay off workers,
5605 probably the most challenging operation our organization and team ever had to do,
5606 You're cracking me up boy.
5607 If you know the words, wash along.
5608 I'm gutted that I'm here doing this on my own,
5609 But some people will jump in because of the low mortgage rates.
5610 ... It is too early to assess the likely impact as to whether lower interest rates can overcome the economic and health anxieties.
5611 My reaction was disappointment and confusion,
5612 But a large price declines or persistent price declines are unlikely,
5613 In the recent past, India has shown its resolve in an international trade deal (RCEP) to protect the interests of its farmers and dairy industry. In the case of the Indo-US trade deal also, we expect the same resolve will get reflected,
5614 shows the onshore-offshore lending remains dysfunctional,
5615 there has been zero progress on anything that matters at Harvard and Columbia Universities.
5616 There is a risk that protectionist groups on both sides could abuse the level playing field issue to undermine the free trade agreement,
5617 This was one of my signature dishes 30 years ago at Barbacoa restaurant, which was located down the street on the harbor,
5618 And most of that job growth is in home health-care, personal health-care and in janitorial services.
5619 Greater capacity, response times and speed will no doubt assist businesses in the development of innovation in the digital economy,
5620 Innovative company cultures are not all fun and games
5621 The Big Board is now little more than a Big Tent for a phony media circus of photo-ops
5622 They have an agreement to carry forward what the arrangements were between Britain and the European Union for the freedom of movement of capital, goods, services and people,
5623 We want to win. The idea... that losing is going to be good for you? That's just not good for any of us. We just want to go and win.
5624 we would all be out of work because productivity has been increasing for two centuries.
5625 While the matter is still under consideration, preparations for PISA 2021 are ongoing,
5626 If we move the calendar year to July or August, they will be extending all the way to summer next year. Our schools are not really built for summer classes,
5627 appear to be caused by gaps in learners reading comprehension.
5628 We want our learners to learn in a different way, then our teachers will have to teach in a different way and they will have to augment what they learned in college as to how to teach with children by new ways,
5629 demand does not go away
5630 I reached out to my contacts in Europe and was able to get the attention of the head scout of Udinese, who was impressed with what Norman has to offer,
5631 Whoever makes a present of his own armory to a foreign army is called a traitor all over the world, I am just calling a spade a spade. He cannot even temp to file a lawsuit.
5632 These results mean that governments and policy-makers need to exercise extreme caution when interpreting case numbers for planning purposes,
5633 Despite such uncertainties, policy makers rely heavily on the extrapolation of past trends when planning responses to the pandemic.
5634 This has been a great period for us and our clients,
5635 We expect Bank Negara Malaysia and other financial authorities to come up with measures to ease pressure on the market and the ringgit, although such moves could bring some repercussions at the initial stage.
5636 About 500 billion yuan of liquidity could be injected
5637 get ahead of the mitigation efforts from the state of Minnesota,
5638 Having assessed the number of citizens who will fly here, we will determine the special aircraft that will travel there to transport them to facilities under quarantine for 14 days,
5639 Today, our specialists from Rospotrebnadzor and the Ministry of Health, a total of six people, arrived in China to discuss the coronavirus infection issue with our counterparts, assess the situation, understand what is happening and what additional measures we could take to protect our citizens,
5640 If they feel that their skin is irritated it can help to use moisturisers that contain ceramides, squalene, niacinamide, or hyaluronic acid that may rehydrate the skin and also serve as a barrier for the skin to protect it,
5641 It was no accident that MEPs from across Europe chose Auld Lang Syne to mark our departure. The door is open for our return -- and that choice is now in the hands of the people of Scotland.
5642 environment, social, governance
5643 This should be a debate addressed to fiscal policy makers.
5644 In Medallion's situation they're probably not taking larger bets -- they're taking small bets that are all about the same in terms of profitability,
5645 It's hard to imagine anything worse. Putting up public money to support an industry that serves the rich would be hard to justify. It's absurd.
5646 Construction was likely helped by better-than-usual January weather,
5647 One needs to keep in mind however that the minimum wage was introduced when the German economy was doing well. Our findings do not necessarily generalise to other labour markets, or other time periods
5648 Over the last decade, the traditional link between wage growth and productivity growth has weakened, so it is now difficult to say with any confidence what will happen in the short run when it comes to impacts of higher contributions on wages,
5649 Profits have already been low in energy, prices have been low in energy. So this means they're going to be in trouble.
5650 We spend about twice the average for affluent countries in the OECD on healthcare,
5651 We've used the latter for many years, but the virtual reality component adds soothing imagery and sounds and leverages proven psychological techniques to make the process easier.
5652 You have no fucking morals.
5653 According to the president, he has absolute power but absolutely no responsibility.
5654 It is important for the ECB to remain within these limits,
5655 But if additional support is required for the banking sector, the government will do it. All of this assumes, however, that the current measures have failed,
5656 Large economic shocks have a proclivity to turn into financial shocks,
5657 Market participants will look to the Fed to provide some support,
5658 added to the long-term rental universe while only 318 new units were added.
5659 By carrying the GEM variety alongside Hass, we believe that it will just boost the overall category and increase general sales without taking away from the Hass,
5660 I think the level of inequality we have today is not only unfair but it is also not efficient for the working of the economy,
5661 it is not within the Fed's specific mandate, nor is it the Federal Reserve's responsibility, to directly target U.S. competitiveness on trade as an economic objective.
5662 Unwillingness to clean up has prolonged state of malaise in Indian economy.
5663 Hopefully, we will see a rebound next year, and it depends on measures we take to prevent a recurrence (of the pandemic),
5664 You have followed the events aimed at preventing the public from building democracy. We trust our army and its capabilities. We reaffirm the civil partnership of soldiers to provide a solid and unshakable experience.
5665 And when you look at it in turnaround terms, the drop is even bigger,
5666 I went through a mid-life crisis and bought a snowmobile. A large motorised vehicle speeding off into the stratosphere,
5667 I found it in Europe, Asia, North and South America, in Australasia and Africa... There were very few countries I did not find it for, and that happened mostly where there were small samples or I had no data.
5668 Our community will be forced to decide between their right to vote and their safety,
5669 We can't buy into this old rhetoric of `We can't afford x, y and z.' Just last month, we were saying, `We can't afford medical care.' Now we need it desperately in the US.
5670 CEOs are wired to take action,
5671 During the 104.3 fever days, when I was on fire and was putting ice cubes in my eyeballs, head and wrists to cool my blood, I rejected Ranju's calls to go to the hospital -- as I knew our home was cleaner and had fresh air from Long Island Sound. These fire days lasted 2-3 days, and I was richly aware that death was waiting outside my door for me,
5672 Obviously there are many challenges in the area of food safety, but with good practices, effective regulation and good inspection schemes, modernisation is possible,
5673 (The bank) is aware of market expectations of policy interest rate easing but since it is difficult to determine the extent of the virus impact on the economy and how long the virus spread will last, it is necessary to check the impact of the virus through economic indicators
5674 The key insight, though, and what I find interesting and surprising is this: Looking back at the world in the 1960s, it is stunning how big the differences were in terms of men and women and blacks and whites in the workplace,
5675 The key is what can we do to make sure that we accelerate the recovery?
5676 They don't care about Muslims nor Hindus, it means humanity does not have any meaning for them,
5677 Although they were mourning, the dancers worked harder than normal with a drive like never before,
5678 I thought, this is the cutest guy I've ever seen in my life,
5679 I'm comfortable doing that because the market is absorbing the extra supply that was available.
5680 is by far the most worrying escalation of a simmering conflict between the US and Iran since
5681 As one of the world's largest miners on the Ethereum network, we are excited about recent developments on the network including the beneficial impact of the recent network upgrade. The recent uptick in the number of unique addresses on the Ethereum network also illustrates increasing adoption of the network, which we hope will also result in an increase in the price of Ethereum as such activity has been correlated with the price of Ethereum coins in the past.
5682 It was cool; it was funny.
5683 proposal to use a futures market in NGDP contracts to effectively automate Fed policy
5684 That is a conversation the Storm and the NRL are going to need to have with the chief health officer (Professor Brett Sutton),
5685 Wine Down Pop Up offers a unique experience and will help to support tourism businesses and workers from across the state.
5686 We are also sharing information of the global experience in the past such as severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and is beginning to look into the economic impact of coronavirus,
5687 We're not trying to say that cars are bad or that we don't need roads. We're just trying to say that if we think about the overall cost/benefit analyses around transportation when it comes to this conversation, not only is there a cost to the vehicle economy, but the cost is actually larger than we may have realized.
5688 Why does indexing outmaneuver the best minds on Wall Street? Paradoxically, it is because the best and brightest in the financial community have made the stock market very efficient. When information arises about individual stocks or the market as a whole, it gets reflected in stock prices without delay, making one stock as reasonably priced as another. Active managers who frequently shift from security to security actually detract from performance (vs. an index fund) by incurring transaction costs.
5689 If he won't, keep it in the act.
5690 We owe huge thanks to those who have come from abroad to work in our care system as well as our NHS and who are on the frontline of the coronavirus crisis in the UK, saving lives, preventing infection and caring for those who are ill.
5691 There has been something very sad as well as very grim about dealing with this. Even just a few years ago I would never have imagined being involved in a court case where a local candidate or officer in another political party had made threats of violence. Politics needs to be better than this.
5692 It exists in all countries, both developed and developing, in the public and private sectors, as well as in non-profit and charitable organisations,
5693 We appreciate that regulators and agencies have an obligation to investigate; if any information is sought from us, as a responsible corporate citizen, we will of course provide the same. While it is unfortunate that I was unable to go in person to the Directorate of Enforcement (ED), our senior authorised representative did attend in person with the requisite information. Needless to say, if in the future any assistance or support to the investigation is requested from us, we will cooperate fully.
5694 With our pace-setting experience in mainstreaming of sustainability in our business operations, we are confident that this green bond will further help in supporting environmentally friendly investors to meet their investment objectives,
5695 make a material contribution to addressing climate change, and provide institutional investors with a means of accessing sustainable investments using a familiar, low-risk vehicle.
5696 knocking on China's door
5697 Our aircraft have already played important roles during crisis management events such as wildfire containment. Our airborne sensors can see through thick smoke, enabling us to inform ground personnel about the locations of fire lines so they can deploy resources efficiently. The demonstration highlighted how the aircraft can be used for many other civilian and commercial missions.
5698 Some people call us paranoid,
5699 That's been shown throughout history,
5700 The German league is one of the most solid in Europe and perhaps even the world. If we can follow through on this last step towards professionalization, especially in terms of management, then this league could be what it is meant to be: the best in the world with an excellent fan culture that can help sustain it.
5701 continue to move lower in the foreseeable future.
5702 He was a visionary in his time.
5703 it is a striking -- and for that matter depressing -- feature of economics that it has such a static character. It is still the subject that Adam Smith created.
5704 the IMF said it was making $50bn available for emerging countries, with $10bn for low-income countries.
5705 In addition to that, we have set up the Economic Planning and Coordinating Council so we don't have any slippages in the macro and fiscal policies. We feel good about where we are,
5706 We know from our previous engagement with companies on climate change just how important BlackRock's support can be for moving companies forward. This is a hugely welcome decision by BlackRock and a step-change for the entire investment industry as it collectively grapples ever more seriously with the financial implications of climate change.
5707 We went from an economy that was putting up more jobs per year than it has been under Trump, when he was saying the real unemployment rate was like, 42 percent, to as soon as he took office, saying, `Look how low the unemployment rate is!
5708 in case of doubt, German soldiers as well,
5709 It makes public what would have otherwise been illegal,
5710 People are revolting against the economic `elites' they believe have betrayed them. With the world at such critical crossroads, this year we must... reimagine the purpose and scorecard for companies and governments
5711 I'd like to see every individual member of parliament declare their position and be responsible to their constituents. Whatever poll you want to look at, you get overwhelming support for decisive action and it's getting stronger.
5712 in microcosm, the new American economy,
5713 we are not there yet as a continent in ensuring that we have sustainable development.
5714 All these things were happening in this Twitter world, and these guys said they were experts in reputation management,
5715 But to bring new hope to citizens, we must learn and change. Across the region, transparency can help lead to growth with enhanced trust in government in the years and decades to come,
5716 deteriorate even faster. I think the policies and fundamentals are going to go in favor of bad fundamentals, unfortunately, initially,
5717 The Magnitsky Act is an act of congress. In order to put it in place it required a majority of congress and if it was ever to be taken away, it would require a majority of congress. I know for sure that congress is not going to repeal the Magnitsky Act.
5718 There are deep links between friendship and knowledge. Our intellectual horizons expand when we learn from each other. We can give to the world much more than what we get from it. Friendship is, in fact, central to the development of knowledge,
5719 and I have the utmost faith that you guys are going to do what you need to do.
5720 But the opportunity to collaborate with Melissa on this was really exciting.
5721 The Gaza Jewish community was destroyed by rioting Arabs in 1929, with surviving Jews fleeing to other towns in what would become Israel. Jews returned to the area after the Six-Day War, but when Israel adopted the Oslo `peace process' as national policy, Gaza terrorism exploded and the Jews in the renewed Gaza communities faced mortal danger. Their actual eviction, however -- the third ethnic cleansing of Gaza Jews in less than a century -- was perpetrated by the government of Ariel Sharon, years after the collapse of Oslo.
5722 The survey was conducted in the week ended Saturday Feb. 15, four days before the market peaked,
5723 The Fed can't do all the work itself,
5724 The drop in claims between the December and January payrolls survey weeks likely boosted ADP's number substantially, but it was due to seasonal adjustment issues over the holidays, not any real shift in the pace of layoffs,
5725 It matters because it has been the most accurate survey-based leading indicator of wage gains in this cycle, signalling shifts in the official data about a year in advance. At the peak, in November, it suggested wage growth would rise to about 5% a year from now; now it signals 3-3/4% but the index is volatile, and we think it is likely to rise further over the next few months,
5726 What we are going through now dwarfs anything we've ever seen,
5727 Italy's cases increased by only 4.5% yesterday, a bit more than on Tuesday but the trend clearly is falling. The number of deaths is falling too; we expect a substantial further drop over the next week,
5728 The sector is still weak, but the disaster signaled by the ISM index looks to have been dodged,
5729 The labor market was in good shape before the virus, but we knew that anyway, and it's irrelevant in the face of the impending discontinuity in the data.
5730 As countries with large outbreaks of Covid-19 move to testing only people sick enough to be in hospital, their data -- and hence aggregate regional and global data -- cease to be reliable. We don't know how many people have the disease, and we don't know how rapidly it's spreading,
5731 But the margin of error at this point is deeply uncertain, and the number could be much higher,
5732 The trade war is the only realistic explanation.
5733 Now it's up to Congress to fire the fiscal bazooka, the bigger and quicker the better.
5734 Firms don't like the trade war, and they have slowed the pace of gross hiring, but firings haven't moved at all, net.
5735 supply chains and business-to-business services presumably are being pounded now,
5736 We are in an unprecedented situation where a global health pandemic has turned into an economic and financial crisis,
5737 The reality is that global growth remains sluggish.
5738 a tentative stabilisation, sluggish recovery
5739 We may be shouting with each other, but we are talking with each other.
5740 The good news is that green bonds, impact investing, and many other forms of sustainable finance are growing fast,
5741 In the UK, for example, the top 10% now control nearly as much wealth as the bottom 50%. This situation is mirrored across much of the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development), where income and wealth inequality have reached, or are near, record highs,
5742 tremendous uncertainty around the outlook,
5743 Given the size of the Islamic Republic of Iran's quota in the fund, it calls for the use of the RFI fast financing facility of around $5 billion,
5744 ready to deploy all our one trillion dollar ( 845 billion) lending capacity
5745 Our biggest challenge right now is handling uncertainty,
5746 This is a moment for solidarity -- which was a major theme of the meeting today.
5747 In some ways, this troubling trend is reminiscent of the early part of the 20th century -- when the twin forces of technology and integration led to the first gilded age, the roaring 20s, and, ultimately, financial disaster....
5748 It is paramount we recognise the importance of supporting emerging market and developing economies to overcome the brunt of the crisis and help restore growth. They find themselves particularly hard hit by a combination of health crisis, sudden stop of the world economy, capital flight to safety, and -- for some -- sharp drop in commodity prices,
5749 For us at the IMF, it means working with you to make our crisis response even stronger. For this, we ask your backing to double our emergency financing capacity to boost global liquidity through a sizeable SDR (Special Drawing Right) allocation, as we successfully did during the 2009 global crisis and by expanding the use of swap type facilities at the Fund,
5750 Our objective is to provide immediate support to help Ecuador address the effects of a mounting global health crisis, while continuing to support the authorities' unwavering commitment to implement much-needed economic and structural reforms aimed at fostering strong, sustainable and inclusive growth,
5751 the impact on the world economy would be relatively minor and short-lived
5752 We are looking at data very carefully... we have to do what people in rapid response do: pray for the best and prepare for the worst,
5753 It will depend on the epidemic and the timeliness and effectiveness of our actions.
5754 The moral of the story is that policy action when it is synchronized, and even better when it is coordinated, makes a difference,
5755 It is the sheer geographic spread of the epidemic around the world... [ and ] the additional knowledge that has been accumulated on how the virus spreads, and it is unfortunately spreading undetected more than was initially thought,
5756 This is, in my lifetime, humanity's darkest hour; a big threat to the whole world. And it requires from us to stand tall, be united and protect the most vulnerable of our fellow citizens on this planet.
5757 global value chains... it is affecting tourism; it is affecting travel. What we also know is that if it is contained rapidly, there can be a sharp drop and then a very graphic rebound, what is known as a V-cure. And we are very much hoping this is going to be the case
5758 I commended the efforts thus far, under the leadership of... Fernandez, to put in place a set of policies to stabilise the economy and to reduce poverty.
5759 since then, COVID-19 -- a global health emergency -- has disrupted activity in China
5760 This takes Somalia one step closer to the HIPC (Heavily Indebted Poor Countries) Decision Point, which will significantly reduce Somalia's total debt and enable access to new resources to jumpstart growth and begin reducing poverty,
5761 This is no longer a regional issue, this is a global problem calling for a global response,
5762 It's very important to recognize that within this 0.8% less global GDP, only 0.3% is due to tariffs,
5763 We are seeing a lot of creativity going on to avoid resolutions,
5764 We believe this will likely lead to debasement concerns similar to the post-GFC period,
5765 Emerging-market crude inventories are much higher than they have been historically, especially in Saudi and China,
5766 This will ultimately create an inflationary oil supply shock of historic proportions,
5767 We need to reverse our profit decline and return to growth so that we can invest more in our customers and in our partners. This will require a transformation in how we operate as a partnership and could take three to five years to show results,
5768 Errors in both directions are a concern,
5769 In an impromptu interaction at G20 Summit, POT US waves to the PM, walks to him, other leaders gather around. Gr8 moments,
5770 They want the government to intervene more, not less to save their specific sector or industry, With rare exceptions, even business organisations and associations, which are expected to represent the collective interest of business, have not bothered to push for pro-growth reforms,
5771 Index funds are under a lot of public scrutiny and they care about being viewed as good stewards,
5772 More construction will mean more housing inventory for consumers in the later months of this year... Spring months could still be quite tough for buyers since it takes time to convert housing starts into actual housing completions.
5773 Price appreciation has rapidly accelerated, and areas that are relatively unaffordable or declining in affordability are starting to experience slower job growth. The hope is for price appreciation to slow in line with wage growth, which is about 3%.
5774 I anticipate interest rates will remain low for quite some time, and for those with secure employment, it is a great opportunity to grab those low mortgage rates,
5775 Many of the home sales that are likely to be missed during the first part of 2020 may simply be pushed into late summer and autumn,
5776 So people are taking that caution,
5777 I have been planning to move to Sarasota, Florida for more than a year,
5778 Reopening cities will not be as easy as hitting a reset button that returns everything to normal in a month or two. If we want to reopen safely and securely, we have to start preparing now.
5779 Suppose, your annual income is low (i.e., in the tax exempted bracket), you will have to bear the full burden of the education loan. You won't get any tax benefits.
5780 The current closure is taking place during the quarter in which we typically see strong attendance at occupancy levels due to the timing of the Chinese New Year holiday,
5781 The current closure is taking place during the quarter in which we typically see strong attendance and occupancy levels due to the timing of the Chinese New Year holiday.
5782 further information will be announced at a later date.
5783 The hope is that lockdown can be lifted in May and activity will begin to normalize in the early summer. But a longer period of confinement certainly seems possible,
5784 But we don't know where this is going. And to my mind, it is clearly a source of uncertainty and risk to the global outlook.
5785 When you're seeing wages rise for those with more skill, and stagnate, or decline, for those with less, that seems to be a signal that's saying loud and clear we have to do a better job of equipping young people with the skills they need to succeed in the labor market,
5786 This is a huge, unprecedented and devastating hit,
5787 a huge, unprecedented, and devasting hit.
5788 The euro area is not in a deflationary trap.
5789 There is money that wants to be put to work.
5790 translates into a benefit of around $8 trillion to the economy.
5791 We have to see whether the Chinese will keep their word, whether they will indeed buy $200 billion more in U.S. products. If they do that, it might be easier to achieve a phase two deal because then liberalization in China might come easier.
5792 Although our exports might suffer due to the ongoing crisis, however, the oil prices will also go down bringing a relief in payments,
5793 why don't you discuss your plans with my economic team?
5794 participants to come up with the final proposal for the resolution of the pending payments before the end of this month
5795 Where is your plan and why don't you discuss [ it ] with me,
5796 Canada's dairy sector faces uncertain future
5797 We're going to have access to food, no problem, but it's not going to be perfect,
5798 There are other ways of getting those kind of products if you do have to stay home for 14 days. It's not necessary for every household in Alberta to have a 14-day stock of all critical supplies.
5799 If it's a harsh winter we could probably use 50 to 60 more. If it stays pretty mild, 30 to 40 to really get us through the winter,
5800 has engaged in comprehensive discussions with FAA ATC, [ Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, the airports' operator ], an FMS OEM, and NBAA in an effort to identify solutions that will eliminate or mitigate future such occurrences. While a crew may request vectors or a course to a waypoint/fix located on the RNAV (GPS) X for a subsequent visual approach in VMC, the airspace may be too congested for ATC to accommodate. Similarly, requests for airborne holding or delaying vectors may not be granted, as they significantly increase the workload for the MUGZY controller (the busiest and most complex of [ New York ] Tracon's positions) and require additional coordination with upstream/adjacent facilities.
5801 nearly 260% after the Second World War,
5802 Now more than half the employed people in Australia are in insecure work,
5803 The Fed could ask Congress for the authority to buy limited amounts of investment-grade corporate debt... The Fed's intervention could help restart that part of the corporate debt market, which is under significant stress. Such a programme would have to be carefully calibrated to minimize the credit risk taken by the Fed while still providing needed liquidity to an essential market.
5804 It's important that before we put everyone back to work, we have the public health situation under control,
5805 Progress in terms of outcomes, it's too soon to say, obviously. Progress in terms of process I think has been tremendous.
5806 I don't think it's going to be a rapid
5807 the largest deployment of US troops to Europe in more than 25 years,
5808 Allies condemn the continued indiscriminate air strikes by the Syrian regime and its backer Russia in Idlib province. We call on them to stop their offensive,
5809 This also poses challenges for us, including fueling the spread of terrorism.
5810 I welcome the fact that now we are looking into what more we can do.
5811 The only way to address the situation on the border is by working together.
5812 We want to prevent or avoid a new arms race. Therefore, we are going to look into what more we can do related to arms control. A new arms race would be dangerous, and also extremely expensive. Therefore, we regret very much the demise of the [ Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, INF ] Treaty. We will work on new effective arms control, because that's the best way to keep tensions down,
5813 There were no losers, but there weren't any big winners either.
5814 CNN and MSNBC featured [ Michael Avenatti ] on their networks a combined 108 times within a 2-month span,
5815 This is of particular concern because not only are teachers feeling undervalued, many school teachers and heads are saying this is directly affecting and harming the quality of education pupils receive.
5816 We will also continue to focus on supporting Malaysia's inclusive growth ambition towards greater levels of shared prosperity and high-income nation status,
5817 We will offer support to the government of China first, where this is the epicentre and also to all countries in the region (East Asia) and beyond,
5818 wrote to Ina every single day,
5819 And if I'm being specific, I would say that black, Latinx and Native communities in America as a result of our long and persistent racial wealth gap really don't have the economic means to withstand job loss, or even have to deal with unexpected expenses that surely will arise as a result of the pandemic,
5820 I'm particularly concerned about poor, densely populated countries such as India, where weak health systems need massively scalable investments in human capital, supplies and infrastructure,
5821 provides new financing to the poorest countries to meet healthcare needs and many of their other needs,
5822 We shouldn't be satisfied until every young girl can move through her life without facing legal barriers to her success.
5823 We're not the ones that declare... if the insurance is triggered,
5824 Lots of things are possible, within that we should not rule out -- perhaps even we should rule in -- the possibility of making legislative change,
5825 The proposed amendments will include raising the amount of pecuniary penalties; giving [ the ] PCC the power to conduct dawn raids without a court order; and reinforcing its primary, original and exclusive jurisdiction over all competition cases,
5826 They have The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel and now Hunters -- you can be Jewish, you can be other in a way where you used to have to whitewash those things on broadcast TV or on cable in the past. But they've really given such a beautiful welcome to these stories about others, which is so nice.
5827 She would tell me stories about her time during the war. And as a young kid, five, six years old, hearing those stories, they felt like the stuff of comic books and superheroes. And as I got older I struggled with that feeling of birthright: What was my responsibility now to continue her story? So many Holocaust survivors are no longer with us and that community is growing smaller and smaller by the year,
5828 I simply did not want to depict those specific, real acts of trauma.
5829 I saw those stories as comic book stories, stories of grand good versus grand evil, and that became the lens through which I saw the Holocaust.
5830 felt like the stuff of comic books and superheroes,
5831 I think that's very timely, I think it's a question we should all be asking ourselves in this day and age.
5832 Wahey we're getting back together Noel Gallagher being minted and rich as f *** he's doing it for nothing me being a desperate c *** and have f *** all else going for himself I'm doing it for the cash c'm on you know LG x.
5833 Have you heard Julian Lennon's music?
5834 Songs like this don't come around very often and neither do football players like him,
5835 How can we call ourselves a civilisation if we think murdering animals for a laugh is OK?
5836 I vibed to Blue Moon Rising,
5837 fall flat on deaf ears
5838 We are incredibly grateful for the community of people that come together each game and event night to make the Prudential Center an unbelievably special place for our fans,
5839 Our teams, our cities and the leagues in which we operate are a family, and we are committed to looking out for one another,
5840 based on current and projected financial losses of the professional sports shutdowns that impacted the Sixers and Devils in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic.
5841 We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary time in our world-unlike any most of us have ever lived through before - and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment.
5842 We're delighted to work with Octopus Electric Vehicles on this initiative and we hope this bundle helps fleet managers as they migrate to an EV fleet.
5843 Youth unemployment must be given top priority. With 12 million graduates entering the labor market each year and only 3 million of them getting jobs, the mountain of youth unemployment is rising annually.
5844 We must protect lives. This Facility will help African countries to fast-track their efforts to contain the rapid spread of COVID-19,
5845 Anywhere in the world where you have shared water resources, there are always tensions,
5846 Today, Africa has an infrastructure gap of about roughly 68 billion dollars to 108 billion dollars infrastructure financing gap. At the AfDB, we have been working so hard to close that particular gap.
5847 And if the price signal is accompanied by enabling technology, they reduce their peak electricity usage even more.
5848 Edelweiss has no relationship with Capstone Forex Pvt. Ltd. and all allegations of FEMA violations are false. We appreciate that regulators and agencies have an obligation to investigate; if any information is sought from us, as a responsible corporate citizen, we will of course provide the same,
5849 Even if there was 10m b/d of cuts, in our view we could still see a building of stocks of 15m b/d,
5850 Governments need to keep the eye on the ball, here the ball is climate change,
5851 Directing funds to companies that have had 30 years to prepare for the demise of their industry is simply throwing money away when it could be put to so much better use elsewhere.
5852 This welcome halt in emissions growth is grounds for optimism that we can tackle the climate challenge this decade... We now need to work hard to make sure that 2019 is remembered as a definitive peak in global emissions, not just another pause in growth.
5853 We should not allow today's crisis to compromise the clean energy transition.
5854 COVID-19 results in one year of growth lost of the global economy and almost a decade of growth lost in global oil markets,
5855 We can use the current situation to step up our ambition to tackle climate change... This is a huge opportunity we cannot miss. Here the issue is not only the level of [ stimulus ] money, but the direction of the money.
5856 During this terrible year, the second quarter may very well be the worst of the lot and... April may very well be the worst month.
5857 offer an excellent opportunity to ensure that the essential task of building a secure and sustainable energy future doesn't get lost amid the flurry of immediate priorities
5858 This is an important moment for our understanding of cleaner electricity systems, including some of the operational challenges that policy makers and regulators need to address to ensure electricity security,
5859 It is evident that clean energy transitions are underway and it's also a signal that we have the opportunity to meaningfully move the needle on emissions through more ambitious policies and investments,
5860 With their extensive know-how on engineering, large-scale project management and with their deep pockets, those companies can play a key role in developing... renewable options such as offshore wind and, at the same time, help key technologies such as carbon capture, utilization and storage or hydrogen to reach maturity,
5861 Its impact on oil markets is particularly severe because it is stopping people and goods from moving around, dealing a heavy blow to demand for transport fuels,
5862 I do think that successful strikes in one place can give workers [ elsewhere ] more confidence in their ability to have a successful strike,
5863 There should have been really tight, hard-and-fast provisions [ in which ] the industry bailouts require that you're keeping your people on payroll; that you're paying them, not just laying them off.
5864 bad news for the middle class of the United States
5865 Unions have had such an important mechanism to ensure growth in the economy aren't captured by those who already have the most.
5866 People have gone back to two meals in a day,
5867 The kind of devastation that is going to be faced by the bottom 50% of the workers in the informal sector is unimaginable,
5868 That's how it works. Give me equity, pay me enough money, you get loyalty.
5869 There is no reason at all to panic,
5870 Besides, we opted for extending the border shutdown for both pedestrians and vehicles in five regions of the Far Eastern Federal District, namely the Amur Region, the Jewish Autonomous Region, the Khabarovsk, Primorsky and Trans-Baikal Regions,
5871 After that, the first phase of clinical trials to estimate the safety and immunogenicity of the vaccine will begin on a restricted number of people, about 60 volunteers,
5872 There is nothing in the currency provisions of the deal,
5873 This will be anything but a V-shaped recovery,
5874 has significant practical problems,
5875 all about preserving the status quo
5876 I do expect the virus to have an impact on the jobs data beginning next month,
5877 It's been 10 straight years of consistent, solid job growth, and the virus has put an end to that,
5878 If the job market continues to perform as it is today on election day, it should be a tailwind to the president's re-election,
5879 It's a very inadequate firehose on a raging fire,
5880 That is going from 2% growth to 13/4% growth. Over a period of a generation, that would make it harder to provide for a lot of the things he wants to provide.
5881 If you're in the stock market, you should have a long-term horizon,
5882 Anything that delays them having to send a check to the IRS will allow them to pay for their groceries and make mortgage payments and pay other bills.
5883 As soon as businesses reopen, you're going to see this surge in activity,
5884 If this is devolving into a recession, there will have to be layoffs,
5885 Why did Iran not stop flights to China? There is a rational explanation-China is one of the last countries buying their oil. They need to maintain the economic link,
5886 both powerful and timely,
5887 Last week, very few people would have said BP was Paris-aligned,
5888 Managing the transition to a low-carbon economy is a global challenge that requires a global response,
5889 fast-moving issue... I don't want to speculate in terms of orders of magnitude of impact on global activity, and blowback to the UK, but it's something we will be looking at very closely
5890 We are confident that collectively these measures both within jurisdiction and across jurisdictions will be both powerful and timely,
5891 all companies, banks, institutions and governments immediately and completely divest from fossil fuels
5892 Though the global economy looks to be recovering, caution is warranted,
5893 Achieving net zero emissions will require a whole economy transition -- every company, every bank, every insurer and investor will have to adjust their business models,
5894 take all needed steps to protect stability.
5895 Calls for the Bank to solve broader challenges ignore the Bank's carefully defined objectives,
5896 Early this morning, [ Health ] Secretary [ Francisco ] Duque texted me that the result, for me only, is negative.
5897 If you say that about a child, the effect can be transforming,
5898 matter of serious and urgent concern.
5899 They can refuse, they can also not refuse. But in our experience, they don't refuse,
5900 Europe would have needed fiscal stimulus even without the [ coronavirus ] crisis,
5901 They have negative rates, but so what? That just means that prices will rise and rise -- you can make a lot of money that way. And if I am wrong and equities go up by 10% instead, that's also okay. You have to hedge your money against a crash, that is more important.
5902 Those shocks may end up being more severe than the coronavirus crisis,
5903 Indeed, adaptation is at the heart of agricultural growth, even when climate change is not as rapid as projected; technology and institutions are continually adapting to changes in economic environments,
5904 People have told me that they are unhappy (with the lack of communication),
5905 The Fed only works with a few emerging countries including Indonesia on such deals,
5906 We see a pickup in trade shares from Mexico and from Vietnam, but also some higher-income countries like South Korea and Japan,
5907 We still need to make work work for parents, and it needs to be reframed as an issue that's not just for mothers but for fathers.
5908 I look at all these amazing young women, women I talk to, and they're totally strong and they take charge of their education, they take charge of their career. And then in a relationship they're like, `Yeah, I want to get married. I hope he brings it up' .
5909 Small businesses are the heartbeat of our communities, and many of the people who run these businesses are heavily affected by the crisis -- especially as more and more people sensibly stay home. The longer the crisis goes on, the greater the risk to small businesses and to the livelihoods of their owners and employees.
5910 women get judged much more harshly
5911 Why government leaders must act now to address the next recession
5912 We will need MULTIPLE rounds of money to everyone,
5913 People who really don't have a buffer are going to spend less on everything. We could see this soon. And if we start to see consumer spending slip, then we have a big problem,
5914 Wages are going to come out of the recovery worse than they were,
5915 They're looking ahead and they're scared. I'm scared.
5916 With this Bill, Senator Gillibrand joins a history-making new wave of legislative and regulatory efforts in the US and Europe that promise to assert democratic governance over commerce in the digital age,
5917 [ The ] overall impact of the virus on [ the ] Malaysian economy will depend on the duration and spread of the outbreak as well as policy responses by [ the ] authorities,
5918 The economy is still being supported by very firm private sector spending, and that is a positive development in our economy. More importantly, the private investment might turn around,
5919 Going by history, Bank Negara cuts interest rates by 25 bps each time. Is that enough in today's scenario or will it cut more?
5920 And there is a growing need to calibrate these two in a more effective way rather than a mere theoretical undertaking,
5921 Did you know that microwave ovens can also reduce wifi signals? So don't use the microwave when you're making video calls, watching HD videos or doing something important online. Also, place your router on a table or shelf rather than on the floor, and keep it switched on.
5922 Here we have a shock that -- more than any shock in decades -- merits a fiscal response and to which monetary policy is ineffective,
5923 Stakeholder capitalism is all about asking how to devise a future together with all the other entities while doing business,
5924 Business has now to fully embrace stakeholder capitalism, which means not only maximizing profits, but use their capabilities and resources in cooperation with governments and civil society to address the key issues of this decade. They have to actively contribute to a more cohesive and sustainable world,
5925 Now we have recognised the urgency, because we know the window to act [ on climate change ] is closing,
5926 Strong policy response will allow us to manage this crisis and we have the scope and capacity to respond and we should really respond.
5927 I have no doubt the European Union can deliver on regulation,
5928 The level of economic activity is projected to remain below the level we had projected for 2021, before the virus hit,
5929 There is also some part of it that has to do with weakness in rural income growth. We are expecting to see about the first half of fiscal year 2020-2021 is when we should start seeing the recovery happening,
5930 As countries implement necessary quarantines and social distancing practices to contain the pandemic, the world has been put in a Great Lockdown,
5931 banks suspect consumers and firms may be unable to repay their loans on a timely basis.
5932 face additional challenges with unprecedented reversals in capital flows as global risk appetite wanes, and currency pressures, while coping with weaker health systems, and more limited fiscal space to provide support.
5933 There are now tentative signs that global growth may be stabilising, though at subdued levels,
5934 Many countries now face multiple crises -- a health crisis, a financial crisis, and a collapse in commodity prices, which interact in complex ways.
5935 We are going into a global recession. The necessary measures to contain the spread of the virus make that unavoidable,
5936 As well as being a first class journalist, Dharshini has advised the boards of some of the UK's biggest companies and written a best-selling book on international economics. She will bring insight, verve and energy to one of the defining stories of the 2020s.
5937 Cruise lines are able to freely alter their itineraries, and if you don't have insurance, you're just stuck, and the trouble with insurance is, it often has exceptions for pandemics and things like this.
5938 Heads of nearly 150 schools from all over India came to Kolkata to attend the three-day event. The agenda was to discuss the overall situation in India, effective education of children and highlighting the privilege that was taken away from the Anglo-Indian community from the Lok Sabha.
5939 If the United States had mandatory voting,
5940 If you take a poor community and you whack it on the head like coronavirus did, it really sets it out of equilibrium,
5941 In a way, it's a lesson: viruses don't respect borders, climate change doesn't respect borders,
5942 In fact, many people in our communities are incredulous that we would be too worried over whether inflation was 1.6 per cent, 2 per cent or 2.2 per cent. They ask, `Haven't you got something more important to worry about? '
5943 It is too early to tell what the overall impact will be, but the SARS outbreak in 2003 may provide a guide,
5944 #Lizzo popular is because there is an obesity epidemic in America. Rather than encouraging people to do better, we are simply lying to them and telling them that they are just fine the way they are. Unfortunately, Many of these people are dying from diabetes and heart disease.
5945 managing a large and very important development research complex
5946 No one could have been prepared for this.
5947 The country also has the financial leeway to ride out the storm, because the debt brake has significantly reduced federal debt in recent years. Now is the time to dip into these reserves. Doing so will leave the Swiss economy on a strong footing to recover once the COVID-19 crisis comes to an end.
5948 They're waiting for a German response to the changing international order; also to the increasingly likely prospect of Trump's re-election; to the challenges a European climate policy poses to us.
5949 Coronavirus is creating a situation where, for a brief amount of time, 50 per cent or more of people may not be able to work.
5950 I am in favour of placing the image of goddess Lakshmi on Rs 10,000 currency notes. Lord Ganesha removes obstacles. Indonesia has also recovered from the crisis by placing the idol of Ganesha on its currency notes. Nobody should feel bad about this,
5951 white, Anglo Saxon, Protestants, English-speaking people
5952 There are no inducements or force involved in Hindus getting converted to Buddhism. According to Article 25 of the Constitution, a Hindu is one who is not a Muslim or a Christian.
5953 Now I am convinced BJP pwill win with 41 + seats,
5954 Pakistan must explain to the UNHCR the video report circulating that Sind Hindu population is being starved to death. If it is a fake video then that too be told,
5955 Our analysis shows that the continued expansion of charter schools has steadily drained money away from school districts and concentrated high-needs students in neighborhood public schools.
5956 Since 2001, both airlines have witnessed the significant benefits codeshare cooperation have brought, providing passengers with unrivalled service and seamless connections. The expansion of codeshare cooperation between Qatar Airways and Malaysia Airlines is a natural next step in the strengthening of our close partnership.
5957 We continue to operate around 150 daily flights to more than 70 cities worldwide. Sometimes governments put in place restrictions that mean we simply cannot fly to a country. We are working closely with governments around the world, and wherever possible we will reinstate or add more flights.
5958 The central bank has informed us it will issue a notice soon to this end. And banks will follow the instructions disseminated by the central bank,
5959 The Fed is not omniscient. They don't know what the right rate should be. How could anyone? If the success of capitalism depends on someone being smart enough to know what the rate should be on everything... we're doomed. We might as well resurrect Gosplan.
5960 One is that she has long supported a return to the gold standard. The other is that she has more recently abandoned that belief in monetary discipline for political reasons. Hey, no one said these critics are consistent. They're also not honest.
5961 it is an extremely important discussion and we are compelled to think about that.
5962 There's a very high possibility that people will panic,
5963 This represents a new business opportunity that arises when the recent resolution of the International Maritime Organization (IMO), which imposes on the maritime industry to use fuels with lower sulfur content,
5964 Years of strong valuation expansion are generally followed by positive returns in the equity market, although typically at a slower pace. Moderate profit growth this year and higher starting multiples point to total returns in the high single digits for the asset class globally in 2020,
5965 does not necessarily mean that markets cannot rebound sharply,
5966 Diplomats need to understand business to a degree they did not 40 years ago. Business people are going to need to appreciate how the policy ecosystem works to a degree they did not have to.
5967 Germany wanted to send the strongest monetary economist to the ECB to shape thinking there.
5968 markets had a rude awakening last week
5969 market participants had taken a rather benign view of the impact of the coronavirus on the global economy
5970 Whether it is trying to come up with a vaccine or trying to come up with better, more accurate or faster tests, this is a transformation,
5971 Women are going into the types of occupations where jobs are growing more rapidly, so this trend isn't going to reverse.
5972 at least an indication that there could be a causal relationship underlying,
5973 I firmly believe in serving our seniors. As a Michigan-owned and-operated company, we have been investing in our employees. But we need adequate Medicaid funding to continue to do so.
5974 I am staying open for essential services, I have a few people working on the wind farms and at the hospitals, and the bus drivers for V/Line,
5975 We want to make sure we give students tool sets to work in those environments in the future.
5976 NIU faculty were instrumental in making this change and recognize that our students are more than a test score,
5977 The new policy will allow more students to take advantage of the life-changing educational opportunities we provide. We believe that this will encourage good students to focus on getting the most out of their high school classes.
5978 The most important structural change is the improvement in monetary policy that has flattened the Phillips curve and firmly anchored inflation expectations on the Fed's 2% target,
5979 The response to that crisis represents a physical constraint on economic activity that is unprecedented in postwar history.
5980 clearly skewed to the downside, with an increasing amount of companies suggesting potential production cuts should supply chain disruptions persist into Q2 or later,
5981 I built a lot of confidence over the last week that the president and his team are heading in the right direction,
5982 America will end as we know it. I'm sorry to say so, unless we take this option. Hell is coming. Capitalism does not work in an 18-month shutdown, capitalism can work in a 30-day shutdown.
5983 The hedge did not increase in value during or after I went on CNBC. It stayed at approximately the same value until we exited.
5984 But it's not you: It's the person you give it to. I am not going to kill my father, OK?
5985 America will end as we know it unless we take this option
5986 It is very exciting. It will deliver the Skipton (HAZ) and is unashamedly about Skipton.
5987 It is an exciting project but we have to get the structure and governance right,
5988 Over 80% of electronics components are imported. Carbon composites are sourced from only one Japanese company. Microprocessor design capability is impressive, but the country still awaits a state-of-the-art fabrication and manufacturing facility. All these gaps need to be filled urgently,
5989 While the diversity of Indian culture can and should be celebrated, specific groups or weaker sections of society must not be dis-privileged in the process.
5990 India and the Chinese Invasion
5991 The cancellation of an allocation obtained through improper means is one thing and would not affect the investment climate. However, cancellation because the process followed by the government was judged to be improper, with no demonstrable fault of the investor, is quite another.
5992 There are many protests going on right now in the streets. I frequently hear, sort of, wherein dissent is equated with disloyalty. I think that's completely wrong. Peaceful dissent is an essential part of the democratic process. If people feel that's not happening, then I think the government should reassure them that, you know, they are under misapprehension and live up to those standards.
5993 The government should pay for it for all workers.
5994 We didn't need this data. We can open our eyes and look at what's going on around us. The unemployment rate right now is over 10%. The number of jobs lost is probably around 10 million or more. These data [ points ] are way out of date, because we're in an economy where just every day and every week things are moving so quickly. I think it's important that Congress really did a lot to help provide a bridge for a lot of these people. I think the unemployment insurance reforms are going to protect the purchasing power of a lot of the people losing their jobs. The question is, when and how will we be able to restart this economy? And, you know, can you put the pieces back together? And Congress is going to need to do even more to extend what they did, expand on what they did, provide relief for states. Making sure their protecting low-income households and improving the automatic stabilizers.
5995 you've maxed out on health and maxed out on targeted assistance, you have two problems: One is millions, or tens of millions, of households are going to be hurting from lower incomes, lost jobs, or time off work,
5996 Now is not the time to be worried about the deficit,
5997 Cash is very flexible and lets people make the choices that are best for them,
5998 The international community has to come with bags of money,
5999 Before we allowed the France trip to travel we consulted with the travel company, City of York Council and most importantly, the government advice issued through the Foreign Office,
6000 This decision sends a strong message to comparison websites and search engines that if ranking or ordering of results is based or influenced by advertising, they should be upfront and clear with consumers about this so that consumers are not misled.
6001 Consumers who do not want `bells and whistles' are struggling to find cheap, entry level, fixed broadband and voice products,
6002 Each person has a producer and a camera operator reminding them at certain stages, helping guide them through the gameplay, sometimes helping them to articulate their thoughts. But once they're up and running into the game -- two or three days in -- they're flying; they really get into the rhythm of how it works and how it plays out.
6003 Is Wealth Inequality a Problem?
6004 Since 2011 humanitarian assistance has been absent, and we are fully aware of the importance of continuing assistance to those in need,
6005 are all fine, with no injuries.
6006 That doesn't mean this won't be painful -- it will. It doesn't mean we won't have to make hard choices -- we will. It doesn't mean everybody won't feel it -- they will.
6007 Obviously, we're very much focused on the fall,
6008 As a result of the disruptions and delays, talented women and men from around the world are reconsidering their decisions to join our college and university communities.
6009 The Impact of COVID-19 on Gender Equality
6010 This gift is a symbol of progress and momentum in Detroit and I am incredibly proud to advance this transformative project. My time at the University of Michigan was foundational for my life and career, and I hope the students who come here seize the opportunity to make a difference and make an impact here in Detroit and across the country.
6011 Why would he come to a rebuilding team?
6012 to take measures to close the border (with China) in the FarEast.
6013 for professional, private, study, or tourist reasons.
6014 We need to ensure the fastest construction of these centres in order for our military medicine to be ready to deal with the (coronavirus) infection,
6015 We have achieved quite strong results in that field over the past several years. We have almost fully ensured the country's food security,
6016 Unless it appears in his contract of employment, it indicates that there was a private agreement.
6017 We are going to continue to operate as normal,
6018 Economic opportunity is the fundamental building block of stability,
6019 We have to align our strategies with modern realities of digital economy across the globe. NIPOST has very great potentials to play those roles in the new world economic order but it must position itself for that new role. That is the rationale behind our restructuring.
6020 in doing this, the agency will soon be unbundled into subsidiary companies in the mode of Property Development and Logistics and Transport Company.
6021 women can help improve Africa's economic growth exponentially and that growth can in turn help Africa's women as we seek to close the gender economic gap. We need to silence the guns now.
6022 Access to an affordable education is one of our highest priorities, and I am grateful for the Pearces' gift,
6023 Exports per working day during the first 20 days of February fell 9.3%, which shows the negative spillover from the virus spread on South Korean exports have started materializing,
6024 It is easy to be pessimistic,
6025 European countries have faced the same kind of technological change we have, and they're not seeing the people killing themselves with guns or drugs or alcohol,
6026 This recession has hit so fast, it is making our heads spin,
6027 The IMF policy should be fair in assessing and approving loan requests
6028 The money is supporting the company directly as well as making sure that there are resources to import power from the neighbouring countries, mainly South Africa and Mozambique,
6029 have been earmarked for privatization, liquidation, or merger.
6030 We discussed the various incentives available to investors and the security of their investments. Target sectors of interest from investors are mining, tourism, agriculture, pharmaceuticals, and services. Zimbabwe will work out specific incentives for Swiss investors in these sectors.
6031 The idea is those individuals (Chinese investors) will then swap (currency) so that those who are investing in Zimbabwe are able to give them a domestic currency-which they are bringing in for investment-to pay those who are exiting,
6032 It is taking long for Zimbabweans to adjust,
6033 In order to stimulate aggregate demand, I propose to reduce the VAT standard rate from 15 percent to 14,5 percent, with effect from 1 January.
6034 Zimbabwe is going through a transition and you cannot have silver bullet solutions. If you are going through a transition, these things (currency reforms) will take time,
6035 They're looking at their bottom lines. We started to see upward improvement in confidence after the [ regulatory relief ] legislation was signed into law
6036 We are working... to see that a new law is in place to stop this crime,
6037 We have, as a faculty, been thinking more seriously about pedagogy in the last month than we have in the prior eight years.
6038 I appreciate the province providing this funding, however at $2.7 million for 2020, this is over $300,000 less than what was provided by the province in 2018, when the Barrie police received $3,084,000 from the province for court security,
6039 When we started studying it, these students didn't know anything about it and they lived half a mile away.
6040 Abela deserves a chance, but skepticism is appropriate,
6041 It is testing [ of the disease ] and certainty of safety that will allow the country to return to normalcy,
6042 Over two decades ago, our lab discovered a set of proteins that perform mechanical work to shape and pinch mitochondria,
6043 self-isolating themselves at home for the next 14 days and monitoring their symptoms closely
6044 The voice of Delaware was heard and it was the sound of a clucking of a chicken, an angry chicken,
6045 had been characterized as close to ready to be finalized,
6046 I want to support your nomination. I don't want to impede it, but we want that information,
6047 It's a much more comprehensive bill,
6048 That growth rate is lower than the historical average because of long-term demographic trends,
6049 We believe that enterprise IoT is a strong fit for ExtraHop's network detection and response solution,
6050 Because I don't think any business can be confident it can come back in the same form.
6051 We haven't seen 4% growth for many, many years,
6052 flattening out of the virus curves,
6053 We think the jobs number in early April might be as much as minus a million or so because nobody is going to be hired next week,
6054 At the rate things are going, we will have a pretty negative second quarter
6055 In a world of containment, in the short-term, we'll likely see a precipitous fall in discretionary spending which will almost surely lead to job losses in `experiential' sectors of the economy, such as the arts and entertainment, and restaurants and tourism,
6056 In a clique, everyone knows everyone and all tell you the same. The more peripheral the contact, the more likely she is to tell you something you didn't know.
6057 The average wage increase of people who switch jobs is very high, in the 10 per cent to 12 per cent range, because people are finding the right matches,
6058 What we're trying to do is to position all of our analysis on our understanding of the underlying financial vulnerabilities that fuels that conversation. But I can assure you that's not going to distract us from job one: which is to stabilize the macroeconomy and, through that, to achieve our inflation targets,
6059 This is probably one of the buying opportunities of my life time,
6060 We ought to be able to see now some response from investment. Our BOS (Business Outlook Survey) tells us that companies in Canada are very ready, have been for some time, to invest and the big thing holding them back has been the uncertainty around the future of NAFTA/CUSMA. So if we get that ratification done I think that is going to make a meaningful difference to investment in Canada.
6061 You make a forecast of inflation one to two years from now and ask where that's going to be relative to your target,
6062 the benefits of sport and physical activity
6063 It's been an absolute joy to watch people improve over the course of the day,
6064 We cannot afford to put any more pressure on our hospitals and healthcare professionals at this time. Just as it is our national duty to tackle the pandemic, it is also our national duty to stay safe, keep others safe on the roads and not add to the workload of our health care system. Don't be selfish. Don't drink or take drugs and drive,
6065 the existing deliberations that were underway, regarding funding and the organization of graduate student programs, would have to stop, and these would be replaced by a collective bargaining process. At that point, the role of the faculty would end.
6066 It is an honor to be named chancellor of one of America's top research universities -- a university that has been on a meteoric rise.
6067 The supply shock itself could transmit some kind of inflationary pressure. At the same time, the demand shock which is the consequence of coronavirus has exactly the opposite consequence, so we will see exactly where we stand. It's a very complicated story. But it's clear that the supply shock element has an inflationary potential.
6068 Though each new boom ameliorates, it does not recuperate, the prior damage done to income distribution and shared prosperity,
6069 For a black swan,
6070 In the short term, no.. Because it takes a while to identify new suppliers. In the long term, probably yes.
6071 The best money I've ever spent on this baseball team was signing Morris.
6072 thinking of yourself as a worthless person.
6073 People start getting realistic in their lives,
6074 This is a more predictable environment for both homebuyers and home sellers,
6075 we, the public, also bear a responsibility. After all, it was the citizenry that put our leaders into office and acquiesced in their divisive manifesto, which they have taken as their marching orders.
6076 India needs significantly more growth, which means significant reforms, and I think the problem in the last 15 years or so, is the reform momentum has slowed considerably,
6077 While the industry has occasionally argued in the statehouses and senates, `We will move out of the state unless you become gun-friendly,
6078 The fact of the matter -- there's some truth to it, but not the whole truth.
6079 It's been an ongoing interest of ours because we felt that it was the worst sector private equity could be involved in,
6080 The wheel was already there. It was already rolling.
6081 We didn't have the hitting equivalent of that last year, but with the hitting coaches we've hired-I suggest you go meet them. You'll see what I mean,
6082 It's just a devastating blow really. You try your best and this is what happens.
6083 It's the American bond holders that are calling the shots and they may have a different agenda, I don't know how they will react.
6084 That's probably where we are going because we can't get them to seriously look at an income tax.
6085 We therefore treat the reported infection fatality rates as benchmark [ s ] for other countries and calculate infection fatality rates for the 40 most affected countries using UN population data to correct for differences in age distributions.
6086 As we see a rapidly increasing number of cases of the coronavirus in Nigeria and Africa, the private sector has to work hand in hand with various Governments, in stemming the spread of the global pandemic.
6087 I do the job I love to bits day in day out and I pour my heart and soul into it.
6088 We are actively monitoring in the situation.
6089 We have worked closely with fan groups and through the Fans' Forum to help achieve this shared goal of reviving the Stretford End to its traditional status as the heartbeat of our matchday support,
6090 In Uganda the delay in final investment decision on oil and elections will weigh on the economic prospects. We are going to see a big focus on political risks on the part of investors. In Tanzania, politics will also have an impact on economic activity, while locust invasion adds to a near-term insecurity in Kenya.
6091 The emergence and widespread adoption of new technologies have shaped the public's expectations for faster, more efficient, secure, and broadly accessible payment services,
6092 the key question is: What is their tolerance for risk? What are the losses they are willing to accept on the capital available in the CARES Act for business?
6093 Every time you get a shock in the system, you get high expectations of a reaction of the central bank that's quickly incorporated in market expectations. But there's only so much a central bank can do.
6094 future-proof, climate-friendly and sustainable investments.
6095 I am very grateful to Chairman Eltife, the Board of Regents and Chancellor Milliken for this opportunity to lead UT at such a crucial time,
6096 I gave him information, I didn't give him all the information.
6097 I will tell you why we've never gone to federal legislation before: Once you go to the feds, the legislature and the Congress and say, `Hey, we'd like you to write some legislation for us.' They have their own ideas,
6098 alternate delivery of classes,
6099 We encourage students who experienced harassment or discrimination to file a bias incident report. Employees may file a complaint with the Office of Compliance. We need everyone's support during this challenging time and to treat each other with respect and kindness.
6100 A decision on when and whether in-person instruction will resume will be shared in early April,
6101 In 2019, we again delivered strong revenue growth, with revenues of $162 billion, up 18 percent year over year and up 20 percent on a constant currency basis,
6102 on a more granular basis,
6103 It is reported that those who died or were tortured are mostly Muslims. India is a secular country we can't divide Hindus and Muslims. As an Indian citizen, I can't help but worry,
6104 This is a very different kind -- prostate -- and again the treatment is radiation, but the advances of science have made the treatment so precise in the decades since my (first) treatment,
6105 It will not only create amazing memories for families and kids, it will also provide vital support to our bushfire affected communities as they recover and rebuild.
6106 Melbourne is the only city in the world to host a Formula One race and a Grand Slam tennis tournament, and we look forward to the Grand Prix celebrating 25 years at Albert Park on March 15,
6107 Keeping international waters healthy and preserving their rich biodiversity have long been a challenge for these marine areas that do not fall under the responsibility of any one country,
6108 The reason why we didn't do that is because we are multi-family zoning and that is allowed only in single-family zone areas,
6109 These are extraordinary and sobering times and we must respond with a deep a sense of social justice so that our very humanity is not compromised,
6110 We are currently in discussion with the World Bank to tap into a US$ 12billion World Bank Group fast track COVID-19 facility to help close the financing gap. In addition, we are discussing with the International Monetary Fund to access part of a US$ 10 billion facility, made available by the IMF to address coronavirus through the Rapid Credit Facility. We are also discussing with other multilateral and bilateral partners on potential assistance to close the financing gap,
6111 We will come to this august House to seek for the necessary approvals in due course
6112 Basically a third of income in the economy will fall in the second quarter -- capital income and labor income,
6113 With payroll tax financing, you get the benefit even if you quit your job,
6114 It is sad we have those allegations. But the court judges will base their ruling on fact and evidence,
6115 She was involved in diverse aspects of investment management and corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions (M&A s), corporate restructuring, portfolio management, property investment as well as business development,
6116 The national debt for me is nothing more than the amount of dollars spent by government and not taxed currently held in U.S. Treasuries,
6117 There's this policy design challenge of how do you get from the wholesale dollars of the federal government into well designed retail level grants and assistance and so on,
6118 At the heart of stability culture is a deep-rooted respect for the law, the rules in one's mandate,
6119 I don't get mildly neglected children,
6120 If we don't do a good job helping small businesses survive this today, the cascading effects will be felt for years to come. They are the job providers and creators for millions of Canadians. They are the connective tissue of our communities. Small business really is too big to fail.
6121 Inflation remains very modest, and employment growth has remained just enough to keep the unemployment rate flat.
6122 Today's world is increasingly defined by technology, innovation and sustainability. Business leaders need to rapidly transform their organisations in order to transform business and society. Just as we were at the forefront of the economic shift to Asia with our campus in Singapore, now we are also positioned to further learning in innovation that is so crucial to our age.
6123 We need more airlines talking like this, and that is really nice.
6124 If we were to do that today, we could stop some of the additional haemorrhage.
6125 It was when Judy Rich, our CEO, handed [ Goldberg ] the phone after the third or fourth iteration of the intubation box and she said, `This is Dr. Lisa Goldberg from the emergency department' that there was a bit of silence for a moment,
6126 One of the top issues the new FM should address is the economic fallout from Covid-19, especially as the growth momentum has been decelerating,
6127 Based on the SARS's experience, the service sector is likely to be more severely affected than the manufacturing sector, especially for the transportation sector, which is an important component of services,
6128 Rich country economies are dominated by services, and that is what drops precipitously with social distancing. So the economic impact on Italy, the rest of Europe, now on the United States is going to be bigger even than it was in China for the same size outbreak.
6129 We want a great turnout,
6130 How do companies survive a price war? Wash hands of debt, don't shake hands on bad deals and keep your distance from high-cost assets,
6131 If anything, Democrats tend to be younger, and younger people tend to use online and social media more than older people. [ Two separate studies found ] that sharing of `fake news' was highly concentrated in a tiny portion of the population, was largely done by conservatives, and interacted with age -- primarily driven by people over 65. In other words, the problem of online dissemination seems to be driven by older conservatives -- precisely the demographic of Fox News.
6132 Our choices are influenced by what we think and feel at the moment,
6133 A steady hand is on the steering wheel. We are meeting on a daily basis and there is a very orderly division of the areas of responsibility, management and backing,
6134 It's a legitimate revolt against those who have control over media, politics and culture,
6135 Tax cuts are easy to make, as they are politically popular. But precisely for that reason they are very difficult to reverse. And from a long-term point of view, it is far from obvious that fiscal resources should be devoted to favouring a small share of the population, who are by no means among the most deserving. In fact, structurally, India should be thinking of ways to bring more taxpayers into the income tax net. It should not be raising exemption limits, as was done unfortunately in the 2019-20 Budget.
6136 Now that the foundations for expansion have been laid, it is time to significantly lower the cost of capital.... the real rate of interest has increased significantly in India over the years. In fact, a cross-country comparison shows that the cost of capital remains quite high in India, which affects investment prospects in the country,
6137 TBS-II will lead to an even bigger damage to the economy,
6138 The coronavirus continues to spread. As more countries impose quarantines and social distancing, the fear of contagion and income losses is increasing uncertainty around the world,
6139 Modi government has been following a consistent policy while dealing with the e-com companies. ne should not read too much into such statements, articles in Washington Post have nothing to do with government stand on e-com giants like Amazon and Walmart.
6140 President Donald J. MacGuffin,
6141 because in the grand scheme of things that seemed pretty small fry
6142 both supply and demand.
6143 Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy published an order on 4 March 2020 in the Federal Gazette prohibiting the export of protective medical equipment (medical face masks, gloves, protective suits, etc.).
6144 Trump went there and blamed Obama for buying the missiles Iran fired at us. This speech today gave, `Like a Boss' a whole new meaning.
6145 You need individuals who are genuinely ethical, trustworthy and professional, which probably means giving them some formal training in data ethics principles. Then you need to put in place a governance structure that holds them to account, but also gives them the autonomy to put those ethical principles into practice.
6146 I think we've shown Universa's method of risk mitigation to be the most effective,
6147 As you know, I am a strong believer that, if a risk mitigation strategy merely slashes a portfolio's risk at a cost of growth of capital in that portfolio... then it was simply ineffective and probably not worth doing,
6148 If the gardens were opened today we would have been able to salvage 40% of the first flush teas which is the largest revenue earner for Darjeeling tea industry. The chief minister has now sought time. If the gardens reopen in Wednesday then we could still salvage 15% -20% of the first flush crop,
6149 Rather than reacting to events as one-off and unpredictable occurrences, man-made events call for investments in prevention and mitigation programs,
6150 Stock Repurchases in Canada: Performance and Strategic Trading
6151 There's definitely been slower growth in core capital goods spending, at least according to this data,
6152 We are confident that Wade and Searchlight fully understand and appreciate the immeasurable value that Univision's programming brings to its audiences, partners and communities.
6153 Closing them would damage the kids' education. They might have to go to grandparents, the more vulnerable people, so they are best at school.
6154 Of all the major sectors, energy has been the lowest performing for over a year,
6155 Oil prices took the sharpest downtown since 1991,
6156 This is the second Boeing passenger plane that has been recently destroyed by a Russian missile. And just like in the case of the Malaysian plane, the Russian leadership in its official statements tried not only to support Iran as its strategic partner, but also to misinform the international community, inventing false versions of this terrible tragedy,
6157 we are still giving a free hand to foreign investors
6158 From the organizations that I have worked at, this has been consistent with young people. They always want to make sure they're having that conversation.
6159 heightening uncertainties regarding the impact of the spread of the corona virus
6160 In an ideal world, policy makers would maximize the confidence impact and efficacy of their measures by announcing all of them fast and jointly,
6161 It could be a day, could be twelve months, who knows?
6162 In this scenario, we estimate a decrease of  346 million per year -- a reduction of over 10 percent in the net value of British farming.
6163 It's very important not to confuse big government with smart government.
6164 Our hearts are broken and heavy...
6165 we'll be relying on anecdotal evidence, informal surveys, and alternative indicators.
6166 It can be difficult in today's information-rich society to know exactly where to go for knowledge about how to keep yourself and your loved ones safe. But it is critical that we remain as diligent about the accuracy of the information we share as we are about every other precaution we take to keep ourselves and our loved ones safe,
6167 It never works, it just causes the problem to get worse and worse,
6168 The fact that several students said they feel this event would threaten their mental health, physical health and safety means we need to step up,
6169 The main message from this downside scenario is that it would put many countries into a recession, which is why we are urging measures to be taken in the affected areas as quickly as possible,
6170 Who cares about GDP for Q2?,
6171 will lead to a faster-growing economy, with shared prosperity, in which the kind of life to which most Americans aspire is not a pipe dream but an attainable reality.
6172 I think a lot of well-intentioned people in health care can't handle the truth,
6173 All that moving around will put us in a pretty good position to find some interesting opportunities to invest,
6174 I very much think we should all be wearing masks now because in Singapore and Taiwan where there aren't many cases they are all doing so, so they must work.
6175 In conversations with other institutions with [ similar programs ], one of the main challenges found is if there isn't a faculty line linked to it.
6176 When I came back to thinking about this 30 years later, Olson seemed more like a visionary.
6177 big buckets of possible disruption,
6178 I'm not a cheerleader, I am counter cyclical. When you're happy, I collect your taxes. But when the economy slumps, I spend. When you're gloomy, I spend,
6179 It is easy to transport, easy to store over a long period and at a large scale. It is also a perfect complement to renewables and we are working on making it greener.
6180 So much management theorizing comes and goes. They're fads, but disruptive innovation for a very long time pointed to something very important. It's a term of art.
6181 But disruptive innovation for a very long time pointed to something very important. It's a term of art.
6182 While southern parties mostly come with specific regional agenda, northern parties strive for a larger role in national politics.
6183 I am looking forward to seeing how it could revise our views and understanding on a whole host of international financial issues. They have only scratched the surface. Many young economists could construct whole careers with this data.
6184 I have to weigh the good things with the bad things.
6185 If you're really terrible at something, you always admire those who can do it well.... This may sound maudlin, but this city, this state, this country has given everything to our family.
6186 Obviously we've been way too early on the timing,
6187 to prioritize testing and make sure everyone has adequate testing. And second, we need to protect some of these low-wage essential workers by providing them adequate protective equipment, flexible paid time off.
6188 COVID-19 has the potential to be particularly devastating in St. Louis,
6189 hardly a company that does not feel the corona crisis
6190 If this becomes the same type of nightmare -- in providing things like the small-business aid and the expanded unemployment assistance -- then a lot of people are going to suffer.
6191 In a globalized world where there is transparent information on the gulf between the `haves' and the `have-nots' , we will continue to see discontent, with far-reaching consequences for economic,
6192 It is a general believe that women do better job than men in administration. Nwafulugo is a grounded administrator and has the power to accomplish in the polytechnic.
6193 It will be us to turn this region into a prosperous area. It will be us that will lead Turkey's full membership to the European Union.
6194 it's a very unusual situation in some ways.
6195 The idea that any country can be an island in an integrated global economy is proven wrong by the latest outbreak of COVID-19,
6196 This pandemic is really like a war,
6197 I believe that monetary policy is in a good place and should continue to support sustained growth, a strong labor market, and inflation running close to our symmetric 2% objective,
6198 I will return to this
6199 Research shows that cash profit-sharing plans, combined with a supportive corporate culture that encourages employees to offer suggestions and participate in solving company problems, can reduce turnover and improve corporate performance and personal motivation.
6200 This public health crisis reveals, in a very profound way, the problems with the minimal government, the libertarian point of view,
6201 We had to rush in to stop the water, pull up the carpets and save those floorboards. Once they're cleaned up and polished they will look beautiful. They're in excellent condition; they've been covered over since the 30s or 40s,
6202 The reason is that gold maintains its status as a currency -- a currency that has stood the test of time. There is a growing realization that the supply of fiat money is growing at a rapid pace not only because of central bank activities to drive down interest rates by printing more money but also because of the rapid and inexorable rise of cryptocurrencies... They are beginning to realize that fiat currencies like the U.S. dollar and euro really do not have anything behind them except the faith of the public.
6203 As an Emerging Market Investor, I am very aware of the critical role infrastructure development plays in unlocking a countries growth potential. At the same time, infrastructure is an investment opportunity for investors like us. The Belt & Road initiative is probably the largest global infrastructure program ever initiated and I look forward to talking to the people involved in this major enterprise at the Belt & Road Summit in Dubai.
6204 The sledgehammer approach being used in most European countries and the United States is turning out into a very costly mistake. And what I mean by sledgehammer is they haven't planned anything, they just have a blanket program where we're all locked in our condos or houses and can't move, and the economy shuts down,
6205 Modi has wasted his time with ethnic and religious things; he should be rationalising the bureaucracy so it is parasitising less on society,
6206 There is nothing without stability,
6207 The Pope isn't going to do it like he did in the 16th Century,
6208 distracts politicians from doing what they should be doing.
6209 There is progress on the additional funding for Zambia. We will continue giving support to Zambia,
6210 We need an adult in the room to manage these issues,
6211 because the panic is not just about [ if ] their money [ is ] in the bank. The panic is much more about people's health.... We're gon na end up doing stimulus policies out of this, even in the United States, even with the civil war going on in the political sphere. They're going to do some kind of significant fiscal stimulus this year to try to mitigate the coronavirus. Call me an optimist, but I'm expecting that.
6212 We're having a real problem with homeless not following social distancing, especially the hardcore homeless who have nothing to lose, and I'm afraid of them becoming a petri dish where it's just spreading,
6213 We're securing capital while valuations are high.
6214 I'd put that in the mistake category,
6215 White Night Bendigo was a huge success in 2018, bringing tens of thousands of visitors to the city and providing a major boost to business for local pubs, hotels, cafes and restaurants.
6216 This is going to be enormous. I don't think anyone who tells you otherwise is being fully frank,
6217 not be known for some time
6218 Within 10 years, these low-carbon fuels would need to account for around 15% of overall investment in fuel supply if the world is to get on course to tackle climate change,
6219 In Africa, hundreds of millions of people live without any access to electricity, making them far more vulnerable to disease and other dangers,
6220 It is very good that the OPEC + countries came to an agreement last Sunday but in my view we lost two very important months in the oil industry and we may well see prices still getting some downward pressure in the days or weeks to come,
6221 This welcome halt in emission growth is grounds for optimism that we can tackle the climate challenge this decade,
6222 Chinese decisions on coal, or in general, affect the global coal markets,
6223 The extreme volatility we are seeing in oil markets is detrimental to the global economy at a time when we can least afford it.
6224 I am going to announce it Monday morning in Paris,
6225 the impact of energy transitions on oil supply remains unclear, with many companies prioritising short-cycle projects for the coming years.
6226 approach Shyama Prasad (Mukherjee), Rajaji (C Rajagopalachari) and Shanmukham (Ramasamy CK Shanmukham Chetty).
6227 Delighted that Supreme Court has just given OK to reintroducing cheetahs from Namibia. This was something I had initiated ten years ago,
6228 The Congress' policy is equal justice to everyone. But people have doubts about whether that policy is being implemented or not.
6229 The PM and home minister are only indulging in statements and counter statements, claims and counter claims. Congress party wants that meaningful political activities should be initiated in the valley at the earliest. This political tourism of taking the ambassadors on guided tour of Jammu and Kashmir should be stopped. This is our demand in the context of Jammu and Kashmir,
6230 arm's length from these protests and should not make attempts to hijack the people's movement
6231 The substance and style of our leadership has to change. We are virtually non-existent in Bihar, We are almost extinct in UP but we are strong in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. Haryana we have come back,
6232 The first draft of the Constitution was prepared by Krishna Menon. He and K.M. Munshi had an important role to play in the conception of the Preamble. In fact, he and Munshi prepared a draft of the Constitution, which was shared with Jawaharlal Nehru in November 1946, one month before the Constituent Assembly was constituted,
6233 In case of NRC and NPR, however, the exercise can't be carried forward without taking the state government on board,
6234 Those who sacrificed their lives and worked towards big change in the country were dumped in the dark corners of history, but those who fought in adjustment with the British became freedom fighters with certificates.... This is the tragedy of the country.
6235 He said it in Kerala, he said it in Delhi. I rarely agree with Mr Antony but on this I entirely agree with him,
6236 History has vindicated Krishna Menon on the negotiated settlement with China. In the last 16 years, we have been negotiating. The biggest tribute to him is today India and China are negotiating... I would say the best tribute to Krishna Menon came from Vajpayee by him going to China in 2003,
6237 Businesses globally, they can't catch a break.
6238 The leisure and hospitality and construction industries, in particular, experienced an outsized increase in jobs. Abstracting from the vagaries of the data, underlying job growth is close to 125,000 per month, which is consistent with low and stable unemployment.
6239 This is going to become a very severe impediment to growth,
6240 It's going to take a while to get it back up and running again. This is going to be a very tough year for the travel and tourism industry.
6241 will Trump the lower rates.
6242 Our baseline outlook for the global economy is increasingly pessimistic. Still, given how quickly events are moving and the high degree of uncertainty around the virus' path, it may not be pessimistic enough. There are three critical known unknowns -- the trajectory of the virus, the policy response, and what other problems may develop due to the extraordinary pressure on the economy and financial system. Numerous and far darker economic scenarios are possible depending on how these -- and other unknown unknowns -- play out,
6243 It doesn't bother me, we're in an emergency,
6244 EU sustainability regulation is nothing less than a game changer. The impact on corporates will be as wide-ranging as that of the new rules on accounting and data protection were in the past,
6245 I've bobbed and weaved through the Trump administration's headline tweets over the last three years. We closed for five days during 9/11 and for two days during Hurricane Sandy.
6246 Lower uncertainty in the UK could boost business investment,
6247 by all measures UK labor market is very tight
6248 Safety means assuring police presence by having police stations inside the campus. Today we have to summon the police; it takes time. Having a police station is important for university campuses in the country. This is not only for JNU, but we should start with JNU,
6249 The economy is in a tailspin. A heavy dose of stimulus is what needed,
6250 The govt needs to clarify if IB officer Sharma was targeted and killed at the behest of AAP's Tahir because Sharma was tailing him for Tahir's Bangladesh terrorists connection. If true, it becomes a very, very serious matter.
6251 Within 6 hours our fatally injured jihadist commie Soori has joined his Kerala comrades for celebrations. Shortest cure of two fractures and a skull fracture in the entire world of medical history.
6252 Thondaman is true blue Tamilian descendant of 19th-century Tamil plantation labour from India...
6253 Prime Minister Narendra Modi can answer the question. I am in favour (of this). Lord Ganesha removes obstacles. I rather say that a picture of Goddess Lakshmi (on currency notes) may improve the condition of Indian currency. Nobody should feel bad about this.
6254 CAA - a historical imperative beyond contemporary politics,
6255 I am being kind to Muslims by not letting them come to India,
6256 There are forecasts that we are heading into a recession, as early as the second quarter of 2020. And we are not alone; all of our major trading partners are heading in that direction.
6257 The Board will continue to monitor developments carefully, including in the labour market. It remains prepared to ease monetary policy further if needed to support sustainable growth in the economy, full employment and the achievement of the inflation target over time.
6258 Addressing climate change isn't something that is any responsibility of the Reserve Bank of Australia, but what we do have a responsibility to do is to understand the economic and the financial implication of climate change,
6259 We are not responsible for designing climate change policy, but we are responsible for understanding the effects of climate change.
6260 How quickly that will play out, we don't know,
6261 The Board will continue to monitor developments carefully, including in the labor market. It remains prepared to ease monetary policy further if needed to support sustainable growth in the economy.
6262 You force people to save and they decide to save less voluntarily,
6263 It's possible this does not work out well, but it's also possible that the SARS experience is a reasonable guidepost to what happens here.
6264 In the current environment, this would be unhelpful,
6265 for years, possibly decades.
6266 to provide liquidity to Australian financial markets
6267 Just in the last couple of days, the infection rate seems to have come down,
6268 This authorisation will help provide certainty for regional flight operators to support services on these routes for those who need to use them,
6269 In the end, only four players from the 35-man squad -- Harrison Barnes, Kemba Walker, Khris Middleton and Myles Turner -- played in the games,
6270 cannot have any more plant closures due to overpriced gas on the domestic market
6271 Retail electricity prices have already come down under reforms introduced last year, and these guidelines are designed to help power companies understand how to fully comply with the new laws, for the benefit of consumers.
6272 common enemy... and so a sense of national purpose, co-ordination is both efficient and carries little or no downside
6273 Over a year before the games, a 35-man squad was selected and TEG Live included the names and images of the majority of those players in its advertisements,
6274 The ACCC was concerned that without the divestments, the proposed acquisition would substantially lessen competition in the cider market and remove a vigorous and effective competitor in the beer market,
6275 A lot of the things that Australian governments, politicians, were told when those projects went ahead, turned out not to be true,
6276 Consumers with underperforming connections are encouraged to get in touch with their RSPs, and ask whether a technician may be able to fix their connection issues,
6277 I strongly encourage everyone looking to purchase life insurance to first check the cover they may have under existing policies and through their superannuation fund.
6278 If we catch these scammers misleading people, we can take them to the Federal Court. And then the penalties can be up to $1.1 million per breach, or up to $250,000 for individuals,
6279 to not structure it conventionally
6280 What a get out of jail card for Josh Frydenberg. I'd grab it with both hands if I was the treasurer,
6281 off the back of the first season in the U.K.,
6282 For the first episode of a new format, we didn't want to have too many people catfishing because it could be confusing to track. In my head it should be two or three people who were catfishing or embellishing who they are from the beginning, but then we have the ability to increase,
6283 I think [ globalisation ] created an opportunity, but we have to manage the social institutions to make it possible. Compared to the United States or UK, Aussies are relatively trade friendly-provided it looks after the workers and pays good wages.
6284 We have gotten to know the SKK team over the past several years through utilizing their Private Equity and Venture funds and have found that their business is a terrific complement to ours. We both view the world of investing through a lens that is focused on attractive returns built on a foundation of risk mitigation.
6285 Elstree and Borehamwood is now well-placed to be the country's largest community for years to come,
6286 I see the recent pay increases as positive, but they can't be replicated forever,
6287 Whether the epidemic helps deliver the good or the most evil society will depend, of course, on us -- on whether progressives manage to band together.
6288 The EU has never been less capable of acting as a union.
6289 We are all condemned to fight the good fight over and over. Don't be disheartened. We will continue.
6290 Workers in occupations that can be performed at home typically earn more. If we assume all occupations involve the same number of hours of work, the 37 percent of U.S. jobs that can plausibly be performed at home account for 46 percent of all wages,
6291 Cross-country comparisons have to be undertaken by separating the effect of other confounding factors and isolating effect of methodology revision alone on GDP growth estimates,
6292 A feeling suspicion and disrespect towards India's wealth creators is ill-advised,
6293 I feel so honored to be able to continue to serve and learn from your leadership as we go through this journey together,
6294 The cost of doing nothing is so astronomical, it is unbearable for the state of Maryland if we continue to perpetuate a system with deep inequities where less than 40% of our high school graduates are reading at a 10th grade level or doing Algebra I, Algebra II math at a sufficient level,
6295 I think it's a way to try to smear her in this campaign,
6296 The appeal of carbon markets is that, once they are established with the right rules, you can connect them to other markets,
6297 There is more that binds us than that which separates us,
6298 We trust that the Observer Mission is aware of a Constitutional court case between Dr. Saulos Klaus Chilima and Dr. Lazarus Chakwera vs Professor Arthur Muthalika and the Electoral Commission, Constitutional Referral Number 1 of 2019.,
6299 As UTM we stand a chance if we work very well. We are a good organization well represented across the country,
6300 These are extraordinary times, and we must take bold and decisive actions to save and protect millions of lives in Africa,
6301 Given the fast pace of change, driven by the 4th industrial revolution -- from artificial intelligence to robotics, machine learning, quantum computing -- Africa must invest more in re-directing and re-skilling its labor force, and especially the youth, to effectively participate,
6302 I will live as a Nigerian, die as a Nigerian and, on the Resurrection Day, I will ask for God's favour to rise as a Nigerian holding the green-white-green flag.
6303 These are critical times for Africa as it addresses the challenges resulting from the coronavirus. The African Development Bank is taking bold measures to support African countries. We are here for Africa, and we will provide significant rapid support for countries,
6304 Farming might not be attractive in Sierra Leone because there is no guarantee facility for lending to farmers. We can continue to engage your government to ensure the de-risking farming, introducing new rice variety
6305 It is a historic day for us as a Bank. I think collectively we should be very proud of what has happened... difficulties cannot be allowed to exist forever.. because it defeats the very purpose of why we are here to serve,
6306 This $1.4 billion we are requesting will be a low cost, fast disbursing loan,
6307 We will immediately release tax refunds worth Rs100 billion to the export industry,
6308 Exports which had remained stagnant for almost five years, now show an upward trend,
6309 Greater investor confidence and pick up in exports and remittances will support recovery in growth in 2020
6310 Tax refunds released to the industry are the highest in Pakistan's history.
6311 I also want to go to the Pakistan whose rosy picture was painted by the finance adviser yesterday. The Pakistan where there is no inflation, where there are jobs and jobs everywhere including those seeking employment in the country, and where rivers of milk and honey are flowing,
6312 This is going to be life and death for a lot of businesses.
6313 There's no doubt about it, they're getting hit worse,
6314 They'll throw a big switch and the lights will come on and thousands of people across the street will go, `Oooh! and Aaah!' They'll have a good time,
6315 We have a lot of different buildings on campus. It all takes a conversation. It takes resources and funding to manage.
6316 And there's no reason that sword can't be used to roll back other regulations that have produced extraordinarily large benefits for American society.
6317 If we look at all deaths, when the unemployment rate went up by one percentage point, deaths went down by a half of a percentage point,
6318 We know that we are driving the economy into a recession through the policies we have created,
6319 It is impossible at this point to make a serious prediction about whether this time will be different,
6320 Strains in some markets have abated somewhat, and risk asset prices have recovered a portion of their earlier declines,
6321 That's why the Canadian dollar is so weak. It has nothing to do with COVID-19.
6322 I think food delivery apps will become more sophisticated and will be more targeted as well,
6323 Consumers could actually deliberately steal the industry's intellectual property,
6324 The base case is that, as other viruses have dissipated, this one will also dissipate,
6325 the fundamentals are solid,
6326 I believe that monetary policy is in a good place and should continue to support sustained growth, a strong labor market, and inflation running close to our symmetric 2 percent objective,
6327 There's no doubt there's been a decline in trade policy uncertainty,
6328 If there is a risk to that outlook, it is skewed to the downside,
6329 keep the economy humming,
6330 The need to help individuals and small firms has provided cover to the largest corporate subsidy program in U.S. history,
6331 The PSD won't be successful if it keeps putting its leader through the grinder,
6332 This (rate cut) was really in response to the economy and the outlook and the risks around the outlook.
6333 We are meeting with AGI but all in all, there is clarity on the action that is going to come and what type of stimulus plans we will be able to do and able to afford to ensure that our country is safe.
6334 Clearly, when you have an event of this magnitude, it calls for finding means of which can support to make sure there is that there is life.
6335 co-chaired a meeting in which African finance ministers called for a $100bn stimulus package.
6336 ... But the country is at a stage where things are critical. I am confident that the Finance Minister and his team are fully aware of that, as we discuss all the time. Borrowing is not a bad thing, but you have to borrow on the right terms, the right amount and in the right way. Countries have debt strategies, so like I said, I am confident that the Ghanaian authorities know what they're doing.
6337 We are also discussing with other multilateral and bilateral partners on potential assistance to close the financing gap,
6338 We expect to provide a further update on the outlook for 2020 as part of the announcement of the final results in April.
6339 We share similar core values and purpose, bringing community together through tradition, sustainability, and excellence. We are very happy to soon be able to call North Market home and look forward to expanding the new version of Block's Bagels.
6340 We [ the Oilers ] really talked about, hey, we've got to keep this as tight as possible. There were a lot of people poking around, trying to get more information and we just clamped it down.
6341 Broadly speaking, we are very supportive of the commitment of this government to stabilize the economy, return to growth,
6342 But growth remains sluggish, and we see risks still tilting to the downside,
6343 The immediate impact is obvious. We have travel, tourism, manufacturing in China, and a little bit beyond China in Asia being impacted,
6344 I am quite optimistic that in very difficult moments we would see the appetite for more coordinated action,
6345 Under any scenario, global growth in 2020 will drop below last year's level. How far it will fall, and for how long, is difficult to predict, and would depend on the epidemic, but also on the timeliness and effectiveness of our actions. This is particularly challenging for countries with weaker health systems and response capacity -- calling for a global coordination mechanism to accelerate the recovery of demand and supply.
6346 at least as bad as during the 2008-2009 global financial crisis or worse
6347 From our perspective, it is very important to follow carefully what is going to happen in the next weeks,
6348 Today, China manufactures 28%, with possible impact through value chains on other countries.
6349 is no longer regional issue, it is a global problem (that) calls for global response.
6350 it would be prudent to prepare for more adverse scenarios.
6351 build stronger health systems and protect their population
6352 secure a sustainable and orderly resolution of Argentina's debt situation
6353 Countries needed to boost spending as a safeguard against bankruptcies and possible market debt defaults. This is a very big crisis and it's not going to be sorted out without a very massive deployment of resources.
6354 it would be irresponsible to offer any speculations around what may happen.
6355 We are firmly committed to supporting Somalia in its recovery after a long period of conflict and devastation,
6356 ended up being just 0.1% lower,
6357 one of the most complex and vexing challenges in the global economy
6358 If I had to identify a theme at the outset of the new decade,
6359 We would like very much to see them prioritising, first and foremost, urgently beefing up their health service capacity so that lives are saved and suffering is reduced.
6360 large, timely and targeted
6361 Economists cannot predict when and how such a point will be reached.
6362 However, that should not obscure the fact that the various initiatives add up to an unprecedented and unusually fast response around major parts of the globe.
6363 Contrary to expectations, the ECB did not cut its deposit rate more deeply into negative territory. Instead, the ECB will buy more assets with a focus on private sector bonds and inject even more liquidity at even more favourable terms into the banking system,
6364 Everything that the Bank of Israel could have done -- we did.
6365 The markets are reflecting the positive picture of the economy and the labor market. There's no question that the markets believe that once there's a government, it'll address the budget gap. The more elections we have, the more doubts will arise concerning this, but at the moment, the market is giving us credit.
6366 He took product, and I took the rest.
6367 This Valentine's Day, my wish is that half of candlelit dinners are prepared by men and half of proposals are made by women,
6368 But Prince Charming has no horse. We need to walk into our futures on our own two feet.
6369 You are my everything. I could not love you more,
6370 As the COVID-19 outbreak escalates, our focus has been on keeping people safe and informed by making sure everyone has accurate information, supporting global health experts and stopping misinformation. Our thoughts, like everyone's, are with our loved ones and our communities and all of those impacted around the world,
6371 Women must be communal and collaborative, nurturing and giving, focused on the team and not themselves, lest they be viewed as self-absorbed,
6372 We think there needs to be more constraints on companies like ours and more standards that we can all adhere to, so we can decide together what is political speech, what is content that should be reviewed, what is privacy that individuals should have,
6373 (Tom), you are my everything. I could not love you more.
6374 It's redistributing income from one group of firms to another one in a very complex way. It's not obvious it's a benefit for the U.S. economy,
6375 Secondly, they have a huge haul of seats, but less than 50 percent of the Scottish population voted for them.
6376 I'm of the opinion, for a variety of reasons, that events are being reinterpreted and exaggerated out of all possible proportion.
6377 He was putting his hand down my top and kissing my neck, touching my legs,
6378 I was trying to make chit chat. He said `Well you shouldn't have bare legs' or something to that effect.
6379 The whole thing has to be optimised on a national level.
6380 As well as twins already registered with Twins Research Australia, we would like to invite all twins across Australia to participate in this research. Together, we can apply the power of twin research to make a difference to countless lives, both in Australia and globally.
6381 We welcome any steps that can lead to the reduction of violence -- the Taliban have to show a real will and a real ability to deliver a reduction of violence on the ground,
6382 Our operational readiness is maintained, it is not undermined,
6383 We strongly believe in dialogue with Russia. We believe in arms control. We must avoid a new arms race -- that's dangerous, especially when it comes to nuclear weapons.
6384 expect any concrete support from the NATO to its ally Turkey
6385 Leaders agreed to a forward-looking reflection process under the auspices of the Secretary-General,
6386 This dangerous situation must be de-escalated and we urge an immediate return to the 2018 ceasefire to avoid further worsening of the horrendous humanitarian situation in the region and to allow urgent humanitarian access for those trapped in Idlib.
6387 NATO allies and NATO already play a role in the region and in the fight against terrorism, but we can do more,
6388 But that only lasts until Dec. 31.
6389 I actually think you could interpret this as the opposite. Fifteen years ago, an IPO was the indicator of success and most companies sought to do it as early as possible. [ But ] there is a growing recognition that public markets may be an inhospitable environment in which to grow a business.
6390 I hate to leave football, but I know I'm finished, and I know I cannot go on this year.
6391 Until his family moved to Omaha when he was 8 years old, Sayers lived in a small town named Speed, Kansas,
6392 If we don't do this, they won't forgive us,
6393 So, if we set up a Distressed Banks Assets Recovery Trust, then the Ghanaians would know that the monies we are paying to them, we are going to sell the assets of these people who stole their fixed deposits to repay and deduct from the taxpayer,
6394 The number of underrepresented and minority faculty we want to increase is in the tenure track, so it has to be a priority to act on that increase of retention, increase the recruitment of tenure track, and to diversify the tenure track.
6395 What is not up for debate however is our employee-ownership model or the sale of either of our two brands,
6396 I always raised her to be proud of her scars,
6397 full-blown crisis response operation,
6398 Early-stage accelerations in COVID-19 cases are now driving the aggregate numbers; worse to come.
6399 On the face of it, this looks like an inconsequential, uninteresting payroll report. But nothing could be further from the truth [... ] the surveys are wrong; labor demand remains strong enough to continue pushing down the unemployment rate.
6400 The drop in payrolls indicates that gross hiring stopped suddenly before layoffs began to rise,
6401 report is old news.
6402 I was asked by the police if I knew all the boys at Sharon's funeral. About 10 minutes later my daughter came out of her bedroom and she had her mother's sign-on book from the funeral and his name was in it.
6403 I'd like to see the business community be a bit more self-critical of the things they did.
6404 increases global prosperity by strengthening a network of independent partner organizations that promote individual freedom and are committed to identifying and removing barriers to human flourishing.
6405 Gold standard rules permit nations to participate voluntarily by operating in accordance with the discipline of gold convertibility of their own currencies,
6406 They sense that the Fed is out of control. It's almost a rogue agency in that it has become so dominant, so powerful, a force that financial markets are really paralyzed unless they know what Ben Bernanke is thinking.
6407 I don't think it's the job of the Federal Reserve to accommodate political agendas
6408 would lower rates as fast, as efficiently, as expeditiously as possible.
6409 may pay off even sooner
6410 The first is, they're alive. Second, they have a job and third, they're healthy enough to have a job.
6411 the freedom to escape starvation and famine mortality.
6412 Why has Bangladesh been able to do so many things that we have not been able to. The spread of education among girls in Bangladesh is far higher than both in Bengal and India. They (girls in Bangladesh) have more access to health care. Their life expectancy is higher than girls in India. It is also true that they (in Bangladesh) have more educational opportunities in school. Why do these differences exist? We are both Bengali (people). We need to think about this,
6413 So we can say that this is a kind of problem (for them), because amidst such a terrible environment, they (girls) may face more violence than usual.... Often, violence and oppression will be directed more frequently at them. And in several ways, their lives may be made to be unbearable.
6414 As I said, unity makes protests easier, but if unity is not there, we still have to move on and do whatever is necessary,
6415 Unity makes protest easier but if unity is not there still we have to move on and do whatever is necessary,
6416 The period during which the country grew at high GDP growth rates like nine per cent, the exports-to-GDP ratio was 20 per cent. But now with developed countries resorting to protectionism and after the collapse of the WTO, the contribution of exports to GDP in a large way does not seem possible
6417 The time bought allows for possible development of herd immunity. It allows for supply (including domestic manufacture) of testing kits, personal protection equipment, ventilator machines, creation of testing centres and isolation beds.
6418 There's evidence that within the U.S., the two major political parties have become more homogeneous in certain ways, including ideologically and socially,
6419 We should embrace this with enthusiasm,
6420 About half of Russians live on salaries of less than $500 per month. That means they can only afford the most basic staples,
6421 We worked on the address from the point of view of calculations. I participated in meetings with the president. About 450 bln rubles should be used this year,
6422 It's important that we hear what happened, and what didn't.
6423 all federal executive bodies to refrain from work trips or cancel them, including travel for personal purposes.
6424 Please notify your press services about the possibility of such incidents so that if you are unable to provide a quick response for some reason-if you are away on a business trip - they can turn to the government's press service and coordinate their steps with the cabinet,
6425 residing permanently in Russia,
6426 but if the Republicans don't want to be branded as public enemy number one, again, they've got to swallow their pride, they've got a swallow their ideology, and get with this program.
6427 The headline number registered its biggest monthly increase from slightly negative to well into positive territory, since February 2013,
6428 But we certainly didn't need nor want this tragedy to happen.
6429 cease to function or fail on a massive scale
6430 cooked thoroughly and properly handled during food preparation
6431 result in people being left unprotected or more vulnerable to the virus.
6432 I couldn't have asked for any more after the Frickley defeat. It's been the perfect way to bounce back and a remarkable return for us.
6433 I was not looking for this fight, but once I heard repeated credible reports from disgusted whistleblowers that Mr. Nygard was abusing young, vulnerable women, I could not ignore the disturbing information. I sought to help and empower them with appropriate law enforcement authorities.
6434 I'm fortunate enough to have played here alongside the likes of (James) McCarthy and (James) McArthur and now we've got young Jamie Hamilton and Lewis Smith, so not much has changed really except I'm now helping these younger lads through.
6435 Mash up ya big bad self
6436 Bet you're jumping about the house playing it the now.
6437 It's an honour to announce that I will be doing a gig for the NHS and careworkers at London's The O2 on October 29. They do an incredible job, we are very lucky to have them. LG x.
6438 I think people would give you  100 million not to f *** ing make that record, you know what I mean? They'd just go `yeah, look, here's  100 million quid for the tour and here's another  100 million quid to not make a record like that. '
6439 Sorry to everybody who came to the gig tonight in Hamburg my voice was not there and if I'd have carried on I'd done more damage to it.
6440 Sorry to everybody who came to the gig tnight in Hamburg my voice was not there and if I'd have carried on I'd have done more damage to it I love you all and hope you understand I'll make it up to you,
6441 Must be seeing all the love and light his little brother keeps BEAMING.
6442 People taking early benefits will end up with a lifetime of lower payouts, and if they already ate into their 401 (k) s, they'll be more likely to face shortfalls in their later years,
6443 That... is a major blast to the global value chain, not only for China, but the world. That's already, basically a month and a half without factories working,
6444 The proposed introduction of a Luton Airport Express service will be significantly enhanced by the construction of the Direct Air-Rail Transit (DART) service, due to be completed in 2021. The  225 million investment will see the creation of a fixed link between the airport and the station, allowing passengers to travel seamlessly from central London to the airport in just 30 minutes.
6445 Though we cut the corporate tax rate, we will widen our tax base and maximize our spending so that there is no economic shock. This must be maintained because there is a global economic slowdown,
6446 We truly regret that these sort of incidents keep repeating. It seems to have been caused by ineffective coordination among Malaysian authorities, among other things,
6447 Given the innate vagaries of the domestic value chain and subdued consumption sentiment, it is important to focus on the exports value chain,
6448 In any case, what will you do with wheat when chakkis (flour mills) aren't operational,
6449 best way to promote ZBNF will be to give it a level playing field by reforming the regime of subsidy on chemical fertilizers to direct cash transfer to farmers, and freeing up the prices of chemical fertilizers in line with what the Economic Survey's chief architect, Krishnamurthy Subramanian, suggests.
6450 So where is the need to revise or increase it?
6451 In fact, there should be a clear plan for reforestation and restoration of agricultural land that is no longer productive. Forests are important carbon sinks and Malaysia as a megadiverse nation must have clear guidelines on sustainable practices to protect this natural resource,
6452 Japan doesn't have the ability to smooth out a coronavirus shock
6453 Please send everyone home now. With your leadership, we can end this now.
6454 Mr. President, the only answer is to shut down the country for the next 30 days and close the borders. Tell all Americans that you are putting us on an extended Spring Break at home with family,
6455 If you can buy Hilton at $60 when it was trading at almost $120, it's going to be a bargain.
6456 While we incurred mark-to-market losses on our portfolio equal to $2.6 billion, we made the same amount on the hedges. Notably, as of our last public report released yesterday, we were flat for the year.
6457 The Collins Center is excited to work with the Massport Community Advisory Committee on its annual Massport budget review,
6458 The area has hit a level of maturity in terms of a critical mass of people, retail amenities and transit,
6459 The welfare of our community of colleagues, customers and partners has been our absolute priority throughout this time of uncertainty,
6460 You have to watch it to feel the impact. The headlines or whatever is one thing, but that doesn't sum up the film.
6461 The RBA are 50 basis points from the effective lower bound. In this context, conventional central bank wisdom suggests that the policy of least regret is to move quickly once it becomes clear that there are material downside risks to the modal forecasts for growth and inflation.
6462 This is the steepest fall ever recorded since German reunification and the lowest value since July 2009,
6463 All the indications are that it will be extremely difficult to reach an agreement within 11 months. Consequently, if it will take one or two more years to work out a free trade agreement, the UK government should abandon its plan to end the transition period at the end of 2020,
6464 We're very committed to winning. We weren't winning enough,
6465 adviser to hockey operations.
6466 It's going to draw attention and media to the Beltline that it wouldn't otherwise get.
6467 A big looming shock calls for an early and aggressive policy response, but such a response could turn out to be unnecessary and look panicky,
6468 But considering the domestic demand, as well as the preparedness of its design and manufacturing process, the President had instructed that [ the drone's mass manufacturing ] be moved forward to 2022.
6469 Financial markets have started to take a more positive view of the outlook,
6470 Chair Powell's statement on Friday suggests to us that global central bankers are intensely focused on the downside risks from the virus,
6471 In honor of the truth, (Lpez Obrador) did not say that he would do it, but he did say that he would consider it, (which) is very questionable from various points of view,
6472 In the U.S., we're going to have a very terrible second quarter,
6473 The bottom line is that I think the odds of a global recession because of this virus are pretty close to 100 per cent, because the decline in China is still large, because the European economy was already so weak,
6474 like the Great Depression,
6475 new vehicles are safer than ever.
6476 We are pleased that the Department of Education is increasing enforcement efforts and taking a step toward ensuring academic freedom in America.
6477 I wish this Administration hadn't pulled us out of TPP,
6478 In fact, today, the board is still investigating the massive explosion that occurred at the Philadelphia Energy Solutions Refinery in South Philadelphia some seven months ago,
6479 will propose a regulatory determination, which is the next step in the Safe Drinking Water Act process
6480 And with that, Mr. Chairman, I will be voting `yes' on the new NAFTA today, and I would urge my colleagues to join me in doing so,
6481 I have been informed by multiple sources that EPA political officials appear to be trying to conceal EPA comments that are critical of the draft final [ SAFE Vehicles rule ],
6482 By contrast, the Trump administration recently weakened an EPA rule that would have better informed communities about the potential dangers of chemicals stored nearby.
6483 Democrat actions are corroding democracy,
6484 The risk to population of NI has not changed as a result of this presumptive positive test result.
6485 We have been working closely with our Northern Irish colleagues since the start of the Covid-19 crisis. Today's MOU will formalise the close ongoing co-operation that has been taking place.
6486 The steps we take over the next two weeks will make the difference as to whether or not our health service is able to provide the very best care to those who need it and will also protect our hardworking and dedicated frontline health and social care staff.
6487 I think we will inevitably see cases at some stage... It should come as no surprise when we get our first case,
6488 This is a unique opportunity for staff to develop skills, by working in a fast-paced environment, which have the potential to apply to broader areas of work,
6489 Those measures of uncertainty literally have exploded higher,
6490 I'm shocked at how strongly the year finished. For me it's a sign of things to come.
6491 At that event, we will be re-launching Tax Amazon as a grassroots organization to fight for a strong tax on Seattle's biggest businesses to fund social housing,
6492 tens of thousands of working-class people in Seattle, and hundreds of thousands across Washington state, are going to be unable to pay rent or mortgage.
6493 not a tax on jobs. It's a tax on big corporations, meaning on the multi-millions and billionaires.
6494 It will not end evictions. It will delay them, and we know that delaying will provide a real lifeline and could potentially completely prevent evictions, but on the whole, this won't be enough. We also do need rent control, and we need major expansion of social housing. So we can't stop fighting.
6495 continuously fulfilling its mandate to produce productive and responsible citizens equipped with essential competencies and skills for lifelong learning.
6496 the essential competencies specified in the curriculum are expected to have been covered
6497 All DepEd personnel involved in the preparation of the school premises shall strictly observe all existing health precautions and social distancing protocols of DepEd,
6498 I worked through Ebola, H1N1 and never had the fear I do now,
6499 That was a cynical and reprehensible action after what you had just done -- taking the life of your newborn child's mother.
6500 The economy isn't going to recover before the social distancing is over,
6501 The West opened its borders without hesitation to refugees from Muslim countries fleeing war
6502 We are currently firming up a plan.
6503 The ripple effect is seen when these lower land transaction prices send a negative signal indicating a downward market trend for property prices,
6504 We still have to understand how long this will last and how deep it will become.
6505 The coronavirus is proving to be a significant shock to our economies,
6506 deals with things that they can easily observe,
6507 skills and workforce policy adviser to the prime minister,
6508 There are times to worry about the growing government debt. This is not one of them,
6509 This is an opportune time for us to expand our Ethereum mining capacity and gross mining margin profile at a relatively low capital investment,
6510 For the past two years, HIVE's share price has been relatively correlated to the price of Ethereum, in part due to traders using our publicly listed and relatively liquid shares as a proxy for holding the cryptocurrency,
6511 UK can help deliver the sustainable energy revolution the world needs
6512 The chancellor would recognize that this is not something you can change overnight.
6513 And they often confuse independence with omnipotence.
6514 There will be elements of supply disruption from coronavirus but not permanent effect on supply.
6515 This is a big, big, package.
6516 help build a sustainable financial system to support the transition to a net-zero economy.
6517 A number of them have started putting them into practice. They also include second sites and remote working.
6518 We are moving more rapidly to the new relationship with the European Union than we had originally modelled.
6519 absence of data that allows us to measure the riskiness of an asset
6520 arguably the single most influential British artist of all time
6521 global leadership in financial services,
6522 We have to work out how to bridge this period. We don't want viable firms to go out of business because of the necessary steps that have to be taken to protect the British public.
6523 We project global profits to experience a roughly 70per cent peak-to-trough decline in 2020,
6524 We realized, really, that nobody knows how to value these private, venture-backed companies,
6525 cancellation is not an option, neither can the order be changed completely to a narrow body, four wide body would be given with perhaps an additional narrow body.
6526 I think Zimbabwe, for us, represents some of the successes of the continent and some of the expectations of the continent,
6527 We have outperformed ourselves for the worse,
6528 We must build back better, by ensuring that we are climate conscious in rebuilding and by leveraging the digital economy.
6529 So this show is really a question: what do you do? It's about a group of vigilantes who try and reclaim the power. If you hunt monsters, do you risk becoming a monster yourself?
6530 stuff of comic books and superheroes
6531 Certainly it's going to invite controversy -- even selling the show was controversial,
6532 brain matter flying into Jello salad,
6533 When I was a young kid, hearing those stories my grandma would tell me, the only thing I could relate to were comic books and superheroes -- these stories of great good but grand evil, the horrors of which are really difficult to even try to understand. So that became the lens through which I began to see these stories, the Holocaust,
6534 dramatic narrative series, with largely fictional characters, it is inspired by true events. But it is not documentary. And it was never purported to be.
6535 There's so much story to tell that I think the long form nature of series television allows you to really live in the nuances and depths and really explore a diverse group of stories,
6536 The budget has prepared a 16-point action plan to generate wealth, income and employment in rural areas, particularly in fisheries, horticulture and other non-farm activities. This is a welcome move,
6537 The world runs on innovation,
6538 We believe that Bidi can deliver high quality Products that are rigorously developed and tested. As industry standards and FDA requirements evolve, we have faith that Bidi will continue to maintain its Products as is necessary to ensure that products delivered to customers are safe, FDA approved, eco-friendly and of the highest consistent quality possible. We are thrilled to have the opportunity to partner with Bidi and believe Bidi's commitment to manufacturing sustainable and premium quality products will make our partnership fruitful for both parties. While this is just the first step, we are excited for what is to come and for the opportunities that this may present in the future,
6539 We're going to see numbers that are comparable to what happened in the Depression. What we don't know is how long it will take to recover.
6540 We are home working alongside our kids, in unsuitable spaces, with no choice and no in-office days,
6541 With both our university partners we managed to do that in about a year, which is amazing for university program approvals.
6542 been mostly designed to get poor parents to work.
6543 I don't think it's going to be a persistent driver of equities markets. It's different because shale oil provides a cushion. The oil market is not as sensitive as it used to be. I think the risk premium on the oil market will be somewhat higher but it's not like it's totally game changing.
6544 If he is lacking experience in the government sector, it could be compensated by the civil service,
6545 Under his distinguished leadership, MAS became an ideal airline with high profits and outstanding standards of quality service that gave us the pride in our national airline,
6546 There will be groups that are not in the aid package, so the government must identify them and help them.
6547 Passive investing is here to stay. Will indexing ever get to 50% of the market? Maybe, but that could take 10 to 15 years. And we'll never get to 75%,
6548 sliced and diced them and put them in something called a `CMBX,' an index.
6549 The road to the graveyard on Wall Street is littered with the bones of companies, such as Eastman Kodak, which wasted a great deal of valuable time by coming up with one ill-fated plan after another and also failed to act decisively when transformative opportunities presented themselves,
6550 the duo have lost the moral right to represent the people of Abia, much more preside over other legislators
6551 The scale of this is going to be pretty major,
6552 Because we're on the verge of getting a European Magnitsky Act.
6553 I think that more than anything, Putin is absolutely terrified by the assassination of Soleimani,
6554 But if we knew something, we would stop provoking. We would stop trying deliberately to destabilize.
6555 Why? Because they were interested in having some of their own oil in their own budget coffers. So we've played games for so long, and then the region is unstable and we say, `Oh look, it's their fault.' We're creating this instability.
6556 Getting the for-profit element out would allow us to better prepare for pandemics like this. Like having adequate back-up facilities and inventory,
6557 It is a delicacy and looks like mutton and can be cooked like that,
6558 Just as 1999 was followed by three of the best years of all time for value, we believe that we are setting up for a great opportunity for value now,
6559 There will be winners of this group and you'll know their names because they've won.
6560 Most of such fallen angels are bound 2 junk downgrade. So the Fed takes a reckless credit & mkt risk.
6561 The coronavirus outbreak is likely to be only one of many negative shocks that will hit the global economy this year. Others include the risk of a war between the US and Iran causing a spike in oil prices; political chaos in the US as foreign rivals interfere in the upcoming election; and an escalation in tension between the US and China.
6562 This has always the case in history. Ford lost to Carter after the 1973 oil shock, Carter lost to Reagan due to the second oil crisis in 1979, and Bush lost to Clinton after the Kuwait invasion. The Democratic field is poor, but Trump is dead.
6563 Sechin will be blamed for this anyway, because in bad times people like to find scapegoats,
6564 The BOJ has gotten it right. Yield-curve control is a success story,
6565 There are implications for monetary policy as it could hurt inflation management when we want higher interest rates to prevail,
6566 10% Less Democracy: Why You Should Trust Elites a Little More and the Masses a Little Less,
6567 as if the money was being distributed or scattered from a helicopter.
6568 At the moment, Shah is top seed Asian judoka in in his weight division. In Olympic rankings he is at number 41. We are providing him more and more opportunities to enable him to further improve his ranking. He can also directly qualify for the event but for that he should be among top 25,
6569 He has Seth Rich on the brain,
6570 I've actually had the chance to visit their new distillery in Tullamore, and I think that what they're doing for the distilling community out in Ireland is pretty incredible.
6571 We've got experience built over the years from SARS, swine flu and so on and they are to do with if somebody is unwell onboard, trying to make sure that person isn't moved away from other people and anyone who is up close and dealing with them temporarily has gloves and masks, but to offer the person who is unwell a mask to wear and to report ahead to the ground-based medical advice and try to make sure the authorities on the ground are aware of them before they arrive.
6572 Lots of firms in the euro area are already feeling the pinch from the spread of the coronavirus, but the smaller ones may need the most support [... ] To play its part, the European Central Bank will probably throw them a lifeline this week, helping to avoid the widespread bankruptcies and layoffs that could threaten price stability once the virus outbreak has passed.
6573 We're thankful for the opportunity, we're blessed to have this chance to address and help people that we know are in need,
6574 On top of the Farkas case, they have a chair that came straight from Santander and who still has shares in that company. And they wanted to hire a new director who has gone through the revolving door himself. It doesn't bode well for the future of ethics at the EBA.
6575 Our findings support that a 401 (k) plan is a game-changer in terms of shaping healthy financial behaviors as well as ultimately resulting in more financially confident individuals,
6576 She is much weaker today and her own CDU/CSU party is bitterly divided. Even if she tried, it would not be sustainable,
6577 A new crisis - and there always will be a new crisis-will test the eurozone severely, especially if, as is likely, Italy is the epicentre of the crisis. Political divisions will deepen as financial tensions unfold, and the crisis could tear through the eurozone's financial safety nets.
6578 The labor market is changing so fast that our official statistics -- intended to measure changes over months and years rather than days or weeks -- can't really keep up,
6579 This is probably one of the areas where the financial technology sector has made some of the biggest inroads,
6580 was 55 years old and balder than me, but, you know, he's not.
6581 We are taking immediate actions to help alleviate the heartbreaking and devastating situation in China,
6582 whether you will commit to starting employment on that date if the strike is continuing.
6583 What a special, uplifting, informing and empowering gathering we had for Holocaust Memorial Day in Letchworth Garden City! Although we focused and reflected on the tragedies of the Holocaust and the subsequent modern genocides, the overall message shared and experienced was what we can do to build a society based on unity and love in our mindset and actions.
6584 Women's relative gains in turnout over time appear to be explained by generational change,
6585 And, if you're a contract company, how do you get the contract? By being the lowest bidder. You're at rock bottom, offering just barely enough to attract any workers at all.
6586 I fully intend to keep on top of my mental health during this challenging time and I hope I can reach as many other people as possible so they can manage theirs too.
6587 Stocks of the Turkish Grain Board (TMO) contain enough products to meet the needs of the feeder, grower, industrialist and consumer,
6588 That's because the values of the desired homes far exceeded the VA loan limit.
6589 But mortgage rates may increase as inflation kicks in and economic activity markedly picks up.
6590 The real estate sector will hold up very well because of the rate cut. Hesitant homebuyers will be enticed to take advantage of low interest rates. Commercial property prices will rise due to higher returns than can be had from the bond market after adjusting for risks.
6591 Rising home values typically create wealth gains for existing homeowners... however, areas that are deemed `too expensive' will obviously have trouble attracting residents and companies looking to do business there,
6592 The challenge will be that when the cutting gets underway that it be done with a scalpel and not an axe.
6593 The problem of road accidents has not diminished the way we hoped. The recommendations proposed by our expert group are effective actions -- it is now a matter if it gets done or not,
6594 The recession will be there, it will be massive, but hopefully short-lived. Instead, the priority is to short-circuit all the negative feedback loops and channels of contagion that otherwise amplify this negative shock. Unchecked, the recession threatens to destroy the complex network of economic linkages that allows the economy to operate and would take time to repair.
6595 These design practices for medical device evaluation aim to illuminate the path towards advances in safety, effectiveness, innovation, and transparency.
6596 We cannot revive the innocent victims. We can hardly ease the pain of those who lost their loved ones. The only thing we can and must do is keep the memory alive and search for the historical truth,
6597 BI believes that the inflows come from the trust of market players and investors, including foreigners to Indonesia's economy,
6598 Since we have yet to gauge how far the pandemic will affect our overall economy, preserving ammunition in the form of the policy rate might come in handy,
6599 If, later on, it strengthens too far and it affects the economy negatively, we will not hesitate to guide it towards its fundamentals, using market mechanism.
6600 Even though this is the case, the Tasmanian gazette-legislation also allowed any Tasmanian to choose their shack or holiday home as their `temporary permanent residence' for the duration of this pandemic.
6601 It also requires that we not only use fewer resources, but also generate less pollution and take better care of our fellow creatures.
6602 it's possible there are other effects we didn't see.
6603 There are now tentative signs that global growth may be stabilizing, though at subdued levels,
6604 We project global growth to increase modestly from 2.9% in 2019 to 3.3% in 2020 and 3.4% in 2021. The slight downward revision of 0.1 percentage point for 2019 and 2020, and 0.2 percentage point for 2021, is owed largely to downward revisions for India,
6605 would be even more effective if it were coordinated across all the advanced economies of the world,
6606 This is a deep recession. It is a recession that involves solvency issues. It is deep, urgent -- anything that involvesunemployment rates going up dramatically and these tend to leave scars. And while there are many very strong policy actions being taken, some of this will spill over into the second half of this year into 2021.
6607 There will be some individuals who have V-shaped recovery,
6608 So small most won't even notice it. Those who don't have or will lose their jobs won't get it at all.
6609 Uncertainty about the U.K.'s ultimate trading relationships will persist beyond December 2020.
6610 We had anticipated bumps,
6611 I need you tell your business contacts how there is an ecosystem here to support their business growth, how their suppliers and distributors should be here.
6612 We wanted the master servicing plan to align with the Innisfil Heights (plans). It also makes a better business case. The cost of the servicing could be spread out among a larger area, making it more cost effective,
6613 you don't know when you hit one of these physical shortages until you actually hit them.
6614 The magnitude of the demand shock that we're seeing is on par with the 2008 to 2009
6615 I think you're going to start to see some real problems beginning to develop. The stress on the balance sheets were already there before Monday,
6616 increasing female labour-force participation to the levels of men could boost regional GDP by 47 per cent. Currently, $575 billion in regional income is lost because of gender-based discrimination in laws, social norms and practices that constrain women's rights and opportunities
6617 In this effort, countries face different levels of risk and vulnerability and will require different types of assistance and levels of financial support. So flexibility and responsiveness will be crucial,
6618 The goal is to provide fast, effective action that response to country needs,
6619 The materialization of these risks would test the ability of policymakers to respond effectively to negative events,
6620 We are working to strengthen developing nations' ability to respond to the Covid-19 pandemic and shorten the time to economic and social recovery.
6621 It really heralds the arrival of women in the labor force,
6622 I insist that the realm of ideas, the political-ideological sphere, is truly autonomous.
6623 the poor were not blamed for their own poverty, or at any rate not to the same extent.
6624 It was exciting. I'm happy for Kim, happy for the girls and Baylor.
6625 While it's commendable that they've weakened the currency, it falls short of our fair value estimate of 410,
6626 Yale does what Yale thinks is appropriate to do, and we do what we think is appropriate for Harvard,
6627 Financial stress among low-income households is always a concern, but there are other ways to help poorer households to make ends meet without affecting all employees,
6628 In other words, saving minus investment equals exports minus imports -- a fundamental accounting identity that is true for every country in every year,
6629 It is heart-breaking for everyone who loves Evie, but her family are looking forward to seeing how many people can join them on social media by wearing a bow or ribbon and posting photographs.
6630 Long-term care is a tough issue,
6631 overheating the economy, running a deficit, adding to the national debt and running up against our own fiscal rules
6632 Recruit to Reject? Harvard and African American Applicants,
6633 The value of this book is in its systemic global view -- with a much deeper analysis of the current wayward financial system and reforms in Basel III, Dodd-Frank -- and how much further we need to go.
6634 flu has infected around 5 million.
6635 ignores the attention to detail, local relationships and local knowledge that will be required at a local level, within those regions
6636 In 2019 we again delivered strong revenue growth, with revenues of $162 billion, up 18% year over year and up 20% on a constant currency basis. To provide further insight into our business and the opportunities ahead, we're now disclosing our revenue on a more granular basis including for Search YouTube ads, and Cloud.
6637 Through her leadership, she has shown the importance of investments in research, science and innovation to state's economy.
6638 was the best we could do at the time given the political constraints,
6639 In the financial crisis,
6640 So that's not necessarily for them about increasing economic growth. It's about public health. For others, it would let them continue to pay the rent. And for still others, it would put them in a better position to spend after all of this is over.
6641 We don't have three weeks to sit around and discuss academics. We need something and relatively soon that's targeted toward putting money into the hands of those who are going to spend it,
6642 well-architectured classical houses that are irreplaceable
6643 Each platform is weighing free expression against voter manipulation, but the information operations work across platforms and exploit these loopholes,
6644 Many ways, to join one journey. Many origins, to reach one destiny. Many friends, to form one family. Many endeavors, to win one victory,
6645 Of course, viruses know no borders, race, or ideology. The World Health Organization (WHO) explicitly named the virus in a neutral manner precisely to avoid discriminatory association with regions, races or classes. The world must be vigilant not to let xenophobia manifest at times like this, when countries should come together to secure a victory for humanity.
6646 Trip.com Group hopes that as a result of the collective and continued efforts of nations working together, the end is in sight for the epidemic.
6647 Paid Sick Leave Is a Failed Cure,
6648 When they can't speak up freely, you threaten the safety of the public and of the healthcare workers. We need to be able to rely on our physicians as well as our policy makers to make well rounded decisions. And, so, I think it's important that physicians, whether they are self-employed or employed by someone else, are able to speak up for safety without fear of retribution.
6649 you said you wouldn't do in the past in terms of Medicare.
6650 I am safe and in good shape,
6651 I don't think the worst is behind us in terms of the economic impact. The worst is yet to come,
6652 indicative of the ferocity of the sudden stop hitting the US #economy,
6653 There's a huge literature in labor economics on discrimination and wages and labor force participation,
6654 Having talked to death, I feel energised to do good as never before,
6655 Thank you President Trump.! I think you are well orchestrating the compulsion of history and demand of destiny that we and India be the best of friends, joined at the hip and yet as family, free hearts and minds to love across a spectrum of emotions, but always together,
6656 I'm selfish about giving money away,
6657 This may be the last year we kick the can down the road do you think? I don't know,
6658 Corporate global citizenship requires a company to harness its core competencies, its entrepreneurship, skills and relevant resources in collaborative efforts with other companies and stakeholders to improve the state of the world.
6659 For decades, health economists have been searching to find the holy grail of a natural experiment to tell us what would happen if people couldn't sue for malpractice,
6660 If I walk on the street and if I have money in my account, and I'm not thinking about my goals, I might feel rich and say `Hey I can get these new sunglasses, '
6661 Look at your credit card statements for the past six months and find the things that did not give you joy,
6662 In recent years, corporations have dramatically increased the amount of capital devoted to repurchasing their own shares. In the mid-1980s, repurchase program announcements in the U.S. amounted to roughly $25 billion per year. Between 1996 and 1998 however, more than 4,000 open market repurchase programs were announced which, if fully completed, amount to roughly $550 billion. During the first quarter of 1999 alone, Securities Data Company reports nearly 350 program announcements totaling $40 billion. Interest in corporate repurchase programs is not limited to the U.S. as repurchase activity worldwide has grown in recent years. Countries such as Hong Kong and Japan recently implemented new regulations allowing companies for the first time to repurchase their shares. A recent Goldman Sachs study (March 1999) foresees stock repurchases becoming more common in Europe and discusses the potential impact on European equity values.
6663 Oh Steve, could you move the Camira? I need to get the Torana out so I can get to the Commodore.
6664 There is a need for good governance in administrating these establishments,
6665 When I look back, the situation looked pretty bad in 1979, it also looked pretty bad in 1990. But the economy was brought back on track. So this economy has the capacity to respond if we put in place the kind of policies that will allow that response to take place. There is enough expertise in the country to know what needs to be done. You just have to bring the expertise together and listen to them,
6666 a disaster for the harm it does to health, but even more because it is draining the livelihoods of Americans in order to make a rich minority richer.
6667 Grantham, being the town idol, naturally was expected to cut a few capers, and he responded nobly,
6668 I've heard for decades people talking about breaking down silos in government,
6669 So, now we have to pay Tk 650 crore for government agencies' land acquisition,
6670 To give viable businesses a lifeline to tide them over the economic sudden stop wrought by COVID-19, a solution is needed to complete the last mile from potential lenders to those firms at the edge of the precipice,
6671 We are producing up to 100,000 tests per day,
6672 While digital currencies offer wide possibilities, these have to be assessed against the fundamental objectives of economic advancement and shared prosperity,
6673 Who is actually endangering democracy in this country?
6674 China really wants to see more money coming into the country, which is why it will not cut its interest rates anywhere near (other countries and is) unlikely to depreciate its currency,
6675 It's really an evolving and emerging problem that's going to significantly increase over the near term,
6676 Operations research, computer science, and psychology are paying a lot of attention to economic theory. Sociologists are paying a lot of attention to labor economics, marketing and management are paying attention to industrial organization, statisticians are paying attention to econometrics, and the public health people are paying attention to health economics. Just about everything in economics is influential somewhere.
6677 The public finances are much more vulnerable to inflation and interest rate surprises than they were.
6678 Today is reminiscent of the 1930s,
6679 An unprecedented volume of funds will be allocated to the implementation of the pledge to provide citizens with social support,
6680 In the current situation, and with oil prices reduced, it shows that we always need to be prepared for such a situation. We are fully prepared,
6681 I'm bothered by the assumption that if we weren't trading as much with China, all these jobs would magically appear in the U.S. economy,
6682 It provides hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars more to working families and the people most in need,
6683 Unipass Mailock is an all-encompassing secure email service that helps companies protect their clients and reduce the risk to their business in these unprecedented times.
6684 ... I reiterate that from February 2009 when I left UniBank, I had never occupied any directorship nor management position in UniBank Ghana Limited,
6685 acting as if it is an economic conqueror,
6686 claiming human experience as free raw material for hidden commercial practices of extraction, prediction, and sales
6687 Our theory of change is that you need both the transformation of the supply of finance -- that is to say how Chinese institutions are seeking to deploy their money -- and also the change on the demand side -- what is being demanded at the country level on the recipient side,
6688 We don't want to second-guess the Fed,
6689 I think somewhere in there is a good point -- when you're playing a zone defense, it's probably hard to judge a player's individual defensive ability,
6690 Our desire is to continue to provide essential and urgent services to the communities we serve, as well as online and telephone advice for those who need it.
6691 The introduction of nuclear energy requires a number of related elements to be thoroughly analysed and further developed so that this form of energy production is competitive with other alternatives. Already in the early stages of working together to find the best solutions, we can be sure that there will be greater mutual understanding at a later stage.
6692 The next round has to really focus on this idea that we need the Government to provide income to everybody in the economy to keep spending, moving, but also to keep production continuing.
6693 We can all shout at him and resist his proposals, and in the end he will at least have the satisfaction of being proved right,
6694 With a lot of funds that have a good idea, they take on extra money, and as that money is applied to the same strategies, the profitability goes down.
6695 Have people call us, if they need help,
6696 It is not just spending on restaurants and travel that is suffering, but also investment by businesses while they wait for the uncertainty to be resolved,
6697 prioritise spending on the poor and reduce or delay less important expenditure.
6698 The others will have to be subject to active individual monitoring.
6699 This won't look like a normal bankruptcy because it's not a normal time,
6700 We would lodge a complaint against the police stations, which forced us to call off the programme for the time being. This is completely undemocratic,
6701 at one point that comes home to roost,
6702 If the (bond market) situation worsens, the Bank of Korea (BOK) could also review lending money to non-bank financial institutions to stabilise the corporate bond market,
6703 we do not wish to consider interest rate in the zero percent range.
6704 Indeed, in Easter, we are certain that all hope is not lost. We must therefore strive to use the period for sober reflection and prayers for the nation and humanity bearing in mind that God, in II Chronicles 7:14, assured that if we humble ourselves and pray and seek His face and turn from our evil ways, he would hear us and forgive our sins and heal our land. A time as this calls for such humility of heart and total reliance on God for solution
6705 is in some danger of overturning the canoe.
6706 Tell us even if you have a deal with the US,
6707 The main thing that it does is slow down the transmission (of the virus). It doesn't stop it.
6708 W e'd seen how the Proper Pig had done it and we thought why don't we jump on board,
6709 Dealers can hire someone with this certificate knowing they are hiring someone who can immediately contribute to the dealership, know their way around Mercury products and are already partway towards being certified,
6710 The Carbon Price Support provides a clear signal to our neighbours of its efficacy at reducing CO 2 emissions.
6711 the only way forward in the event of a crisis is a piecemeal liquidation, resulting in a loss of value and in contagion risks.
6712 There is no basis on which to say this vote will be transparent, fair,
6713 Having been at the helm of the company for 25 years, firstly as CEO and latterly as Chairman and with the company now entering an exciting period of transformation under Steve Collar's leadership and with a newly invigorated and streamlined Board, I consider it to be the right time to pass the baton to a new Chair in the renewed Board,
6714 Many people have come back from vacation, from places that have more cases, and so I decided that I didn't need the $16 an hour.
6715 The Austrian central bank has sufficient cash reserves to supply the banks, the ATMs, but also the economy in any amount,
6716 There were dueling perceptions both in Tehran and in Washington that the other side was a paper tiger,
6717 This will do with any country that has a similar relationship as Zimbabwe. But with China specifically, we have this special relationship and the Chinese Government has approved this currency swap. It will strengthen our capacity to honour our liabilities with China and also attract new investors from China,
6718 I believe that rebuilding manufacturing is important but it's a piece of the agenda, it's also about making sure that [ the jobs ] pay well.
6719 It's different to the coaches, but also to the players. The best way to do that is, `Welcome to pro ball, this is how the Orioles do things.' And to have them do it without thinking twice. This is just how pro ball is. The earlier (players learn), the better. That said, we are not neglecting other levels either, but it's a full-court press as soon as they arrive.
6720 They get to be in an environment where they feel safe, I think for any young person that's huge. To feel safe where they are, and don't feel judged,
6721 We were frankly in a big hurry to grab the gold -- and, indeed, our companies and banks have made a lot of money investing in China,
6722 What he wants is a fake election, one to produce a puppet National Assembly,
6723 If you can get 5 megabytes when you are out and about, that's great to find restaurants, galleries, take a video and upload it to the cloud,
6724 In part because educated women are drawn to professions that are providing flexibility to combine work and careers,
6725 Looking ahead, given the huge importance that the regulation of digital platforms is going to have for the global economy, the European economy and also for the preservation of democracy, it would be almost suicidal to erode the credibility of competition policy.
6726 It immediately made me think of the gold people who pretend to be statues in the city as a performance, which is simultaneously an imitation of sculpture and an endurance test,
6727 Losses from big corporate borrowers are the big concern at the moment,
6728 The close and thriving partnership between our two countries will be further strengthened and developed with Luxembourg's participation in Expo 2020 Dubai,
6729 The shift in the stance of monetary policy that we undertook in 2019 was, I believe, well timed and has been providing support to the economy and helping to keep the US outlook on track,
6730 As I look at all of this evidence from market signals, surveys, and econometric models, I judge that inflation expectations reside at the low end of the range I consider consistent with our price-stability goal of 2%,
6731 I'm really a data wonk-I'll look at anything that moves,
6732 We all understand that the outbreak weakened the macro and microeconomic prospects of Kyrgyzstan and showed a gap in the balance of payments, which is estimated at about 400 million dollars,
6733 We expect the worst economic fallout since the Great Depression,
6734 right to benefit from the fund's $50-billion Rapid Financing Instrument (RFI).
6735 We are working hard to respond to this request so that a proposal can be considered by the IMF's executive board as soon as possible.
6736 In this context, I welcomed the Argentine authorities' commitment to continue to deepen our engagement including through an Article IV Consultation and steps toward a Fund-supported programme in the future. The modalities of these next steps will continue to be discussed,
6737 shrinkage of the negative impact, but not an eradication.
6738 Targeted fiscal support to households, businesses needed otherwise it will take years to overcome bankruptcies and layoffs.
6739 Global growth in 2020, will dip below last year's levels, but how far it will fall and how long the impact will be is still difficult to predict,
6740 What we are concentrating on is to act decisively with what we have and where there is full consensus among our members.
6741 It is tough as it is. Let's not make it any tougher,
6742 There needs to be bottom-up analysis of the impact so we can then agree on synchronised, or even better, co-ordinated measures to protect the world economy from a more serious shock,
6743 Helping Somalia achieve debt relief and unlock access to the needed resources to increase growth and reduce poverty is a key priority for the IMF,
6744 While some uncertainties-like disease - are out of our control, we should not create new uncertainties where we can avoid it.
6745 I'm very encouraged by what I see now. I see much clearer understanding [ among global leaders ] that if we don't beat it everywhere we won't be able to get out of it,
6746 The COVID-19 virus-a global health emergency-has disrupted economic activity in China and could put the recovery at risk,
6747 Determined to use as much of $1 trillion war chest as needed to respond to the pandemic.
6748 189 member countries committed to coordinated action to fight the virus. Over one-third of IMF members are affected by coronavirus.
6749 The IMF is putting all hands on deck to help our membership address this crisis -- and Geoffrey will play a key role in our efforts.
6750 acute stress in Italy could push global markets into uncharted territory.
6751 As unions have declined, its been an important contributor to the rise of inequality and wage stagnation to those but the highest paid workers,
6752 every one of them has cut against workers,
6753 I do think it's likely we'll continue to see this kind of activity,
6754 But today's hurricane-sized increase is nothing compared to what we can expect in coming weeks.
6755 Housing eats up a lot of your monthly budget,
6756 I am very disappointed that these local community concerns continue unabated as no fine or sanction has been put in place to underline the importance of licencing for such forestry activities. Landowners responsible must realise that their actions impact upon our constituency alongside its heritage.
6757 I think you should just give people money. They will spend more of it,
6758 The only reason you put it on the table is because you like the word tax cut,
6759 That shows how severe the situation is.
6760 most of the benefits of technological change are passed on to consumers,
6761 ... great attention must be paid to the sources of life and to the dumps where our refuse is piled.
6762 quite a forceful person?
6763 In general, no.. There was an incident I was made aware of, but in general, no.
6764 I was thinking more about how physically close he was to me than what he was saying.
6765 The allegation that I had my hand in (Woman C's) knee for the bulk of the journey, that was impossible.
6766 Both of us realised it wasn't a good idea and we parted good friends.
6767 I know it's your job, but it ain't safe, and my strong advice to you is to go home, those who can and are able to, take care of your families and God help us all.
6768 The international price of refined petrol and the tax component, which account for more than 80 per cent of the retail price, remain the largest factors in the price we pay at the pump,
6769 Adelaide Tools is one of only two tool specialists with a physical presence in Adelaide, and competes strongly on price, innovation, range, and service quality. Our preliminary view is that the proposed acquisition would stifle this competition.
6770 The recent significant divergence between the netback prices and the prices offered is a concern for the ACCC and in 2020 we intend to now delve much deeper into the reasons why this is occurring,
6771 At a wholesale level, we have successfully advocated for lower entry level prices for NBN services and improving NBN service standards through 2019-20,
6772 The ACCC remains disappointed by this outcome, which has closed the door on what we consider was a once in a generation chance for increased competition in the highly concentrated mobile telecommunications market. The future state of competition without a merger is uncertain. But we know that competition is lost when incumbents acquire innovative new competitors.
6773 The main thing is who can beat Trump,
6774 The program received a lot of accolades,
6775 There has been rapid developments witnessed by the global financial markets in various fields, despite the sharp fluctuations in the performance of global financial markets, which reflects the volatile economic and political conditions, especially those related to the exacerbation of the international trade crisis and the uncertainty about the effects of Britain's exit from the European Union, as well as developments in international interest rates and oil prices. These markets have continued in the long term from achieving their gains,
6776 We wonder if the key response of businesses to the intensification of the trade war in the summer was to be more aggressive in pay negotiations,
6777 This is a seriously weak report, and we see little chance of a sustained near-term recovery,
6778 Time is of the essence. Lower rates and QE should, other things equal, boost all asset price, depress the dollar, and boost money supply growth.
6779 We have no information about that yet,
6780 take something of a hit over the next few months... due to coronavirus fears.
6781 This will be the biggest economic hit that any developed economy has ever seen outside wartime.
6782 I can't imagine it's ever going to be better than now to ask for a raise,
6783 weaken banks' ability to continue lending during the crisis.
6784 What if liquidity support is not enough?
6785 Combined with national stimulus measures, it's more than enough.
6786 To which extent Europeans help each other in this acute emergency can shape popular perceptions of what Europe stands for -- and for a long time to come,
6787 I wouldn't be one bit surprised if when we look back at the data, it is decided... that the recession started in March,
6788 isko dawa ki nahi, dua ki zaroorat hai
6789 If Muslims becomes more than 30 percent that country is in danger,
6790 SC allows cryptocurrency trading, cancels RBI's 2018 circular.
6791 The public sectors are important for the development of India and these sectors need to be encouraged to prosper. The PSUs should be given freedom to take decisions and operate in sync with the market dynamics,
6792 Looking through the monthly vagaries of the data, job gains continue to moderate,
6793 It's just extremely difficult to find somebody who wants to work, and seems hungry to make money doing sales,
6794 As this week's selling has progressed, we have seen some evidence of increased caution on the part of investors. Investors are shifting away from excessive optimism but there is still little evidence of fear overwhelming complacency. Bottoms are typically processes punctuated by climactic events and seeing breadth indicators stabilize would be an encouraging sign that such a process is underway.
6795 The only thing that came close to this was 9/11, but that was very brief -- just a few weeks -- and that wasn't businesses shutting down,
6796 The onus for saving the economy from recession is now squarely on the Trump administration and Congress to provide a large, timely and well thought out fiscal stimulus.
6797 has the desire and drive
6798 Persistence would be measured against its impact on the outlook for inflation... if the slowdown proved to be more persistent than what we've built into that base case, then that downward pressure would become larger, and it's that downside risk that we compare or measure against the other risks that we would be adding to the system by lowering interest rates and potentially fueling financial vulnerabilities.
6799 the near-term downturn will be the sharpest on record,
6800 We don't assume it,
6801 Still, the market is paring back shorts in case the outcome of this meeting triggers an actionable OPEC + emergency meeting,
6802 Russia was increasingly angry with the Trump administration's willingness to employ energy as a political and economic tool. It was especially irked by the U.S.'s use of sanctions to prevent the completion of a pipeline linking Siberia's gas fields with Germany, known as Nord Stream 2. The White House has also targeted the Venezuelan business of Russia's state-oil producer Rosneft.
6803 The government needs to prepare a map with details of the beneficiaries and the places they live,
6804 the relative merits of near-term stimulus
6805 We will also undertake our annual supply stocktake. This assessment is particularly relevant as evidence is increasing that the entrenched uncertainties in recent years may have weighed more heavily on supply growth than previously anticipated,
6806 coordinating with HM Treasury to ensure that any initiatives are complementary and that they will collectively have maximum impact.
6807 From an economic perspective, the last decade ended with a whimper,
6808 It's striking how low the UK mortgage interest rates have fallen and only now are we seeing a pick-up in demand.
6809 The spread of COVID-19 has triggered a health and humanitarian crisis. This could potentially lead to an economic crisis and financial crisis,
6810 Two times of contraction and we will enter a recession. We strive for this not to happen,
6811 We will prepare all instruments to mitigate and minimize the impact on companies and people,
6812 There was quickly an understanding that we were in an exceptional situation where it was necessary to very quickly produce exceptional initiatives,
6813 We have mapped out these reading activities so that the schedule of the contests coincides with the prescription of the curriculum guide of English,
6814 Elementary and high school learners are still deficient in literacy skills both in languages and content areas, more so in reading,
6815 total disinfection of the whole school on top of our regular disinfection every weekend.
6816 Not knowing howto read is different from being illiterate,
6817 will be comprised of stand-alone fictional stories covering a wide range of genres and possible futures that could result from the rapid warming of our planet.
6818 He is a great talent but he is their most marketable player and I would be stunned if they traded the number one guy they have that connects with the kids in their huge fan base,
6819 absolutely motivated to acquire Arenado,
6820 [ The ChiComs ] are seeking to transform it from a massive disaster to one where the government did everything right and gave the rest of the world time to prepare. There is a desire to a degree to deny realities that are staring at us in the face.... That this is a massive pandemic that originated in a place that the Chinese government really should have cleaned up after SARS.
6821 If you have normal job disruption, and hiring just stops,
6822 if everybody stays home for six months
6823 alongside rising geopolitical risks and intensifying social unrest could reverse easy financing conditions, expose financial vulnerabilities, and severely disrupt growth.
6824 the worst recession since the Great Depression, and far worse than the Global Financial Crisis,
6825 Now, the world needs a healthy recovery, it needs a strong recovery, and that will not come about if the world de-globalises because that would severely reduce productivity in the world and that
6826 It is not economists and market experts but health experts who will be able to tell when the economy can recover,
6827 We project global growth to increase modestly from 2.9 percent in 2019 to 3.3 percent in 2020 and 3.4 percent in 2021. The slight downward revision of 0.1 percent for 2019 and 2020, and 0.2 percent for 2021, is owed largely to downward revisions for India,
6828 the bull run is going to come to an end,
6829 Worse growth outcomes are possible and even likely. This would follow if the pandemic and containment measures last longer, emerging and developing economies are even more severely hit or if widespread scarring effects emerge due to firm closures and extended unemployment.
6830 I am blessed with a great team, and many of my colleagues will be taking on more responsibility over the next few weeks,
6831 While commencement is a happy occasion for all of us, it has special meaning to the members of the Harvard College Class of 2020,
6832 It's critical for any public company to have strong, experienced financial leadership around the table,
6833 I've been telling this joke at parties for years, and @GabrielSherman is the first person to think it was real. That's what happens when the media wants to spin anything as `Orange Man bad! '
6834 refusal of Non-Treasury Funded and Partially Funded Agencies to Render their Audited Accounts covering the period 2014 till date to the Auditor-General of the Federation
6835 The Budget is just the Government's scoreboard. It can put up whatever number it wants,
6836 We thought it would make sense to use the proceeds from this and not have all that food go to waste in the first place. So, it's just a really good use of that inventory and help feed kids. What better cause is there than that?
6837 I saw so many great shows here over the years. Hate to lose this neighbor.
6838 Teams need a spread of people from different ethnic minorities, nationalities, genders and backgrounds,
6839 The unemployment rate in India mostly reflects a mismatch between the demand for jobs among the relatively educated people and the availability of jobs for them typically in modern institutions. It does not reflect correctly, the state of the daily wage workers and the self-employed.
6840 The tightening of the monetary policy may not be liked by many people even today but from our view, for the long-term health of the economy, it was actually necessary.
6841 There will definitely be a need for a phase four.
6842 There's a great group of guys here and I'm looking forward to playing in a Kent jersey again in the club's 150th year.
6843 They block the flow of CGRP to the brain, disrupting the signal that causes migraines,
6844 Ten new treatments for migraines have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration [ FDA ] over the past six years,
6845 To best of my knowledge, there is no change in deadline.
6846 We are now looking into what more we can do,
6847 The threats and the challenges we're faced with don't disappear because of the Covid-19 crisis,
6848 The first step is to do more within the existing mandate, within the existing operational plan for our training mission in Iraq.
6849 We are not leaving Afghanistan... NATO has said, the US has said, we are prepared to adjust our presence if the Taliban demonstrates real will and capability to reduce violence,
6850 The best weapon we have against disinformation is a free and open and independent press. So therefore, the work journalists are doing is so extremely important, always, but especially in difficult times, in crises, as we are faced with today.
6851 We have to continue to strive to guarantee that this wellness crisis does not become a safety situation,
6852 recommitting the international community's commitment to Afghanistan,
6853 Our forces remain ready and our work goes on, including in our multinational battlegroups in the east of the Alliance, NATO Air Policing, our maritime deployments, and our missions from Afghanistan to Kosovo
6854 In terms of overall readiness, the question is, how many soldiers can you cut from a brigade before it is in-operational?
6855 We're not seeing a big downgrade of the U.S. economy. So far, the markets have decided it is Asia that is going to be most affected,
6856 The circuit of capital is in reverse now, and the funding currency is being bought back.
6857 With Kenya's fiscal policy focus switching to consolidation -- involving cuts to discretionary expenditure and tighter revenue administration -- we think the CBK will be able to offset pressure on growth by providing more stimulus in the very near term,
6858 an oscillation in supply that moves up the chain.
6859 Everyone believes it's going to be a V-shaped recession, but people don't know what they are talking about,
6860 The best economic outcome that anyone can hope for is a recession deeper than that following the 2008 financial crisis.
6861 I live in New York City and people there are hardly going to restaurants, cinemas or theatres, even though nobody there has been infected by the virus thus far. If it comes, we are totally f *** ed.
6862 I think global recession could occur if the confrontation between the US and Iran escalates to a fullscale war. That would lead the oil prices above $100 per barrel and that is not my baseline. My baseline is of a limited, contained conflict. But even in that baseline, I would say what is going to happen is oil prices would go towards $80 per barrel, if not above that,
6863 If we hunt these monsters, do we risk becoming monsters ourselves?
6864 without borrowing from a real person's specific life or experience.
6865 dangerous foolishness and caricature,
6866 If you don't have ample liquidity, and it's not durable, in times of stress, as you're looking for liquidity, you're forced to sell assets at declining prices, which then eats into your capital position, so it becomes this very, very negative cycle,
6867 a decline in Hardware revenues relative to what was a fairly strong Hardware revenue growth rate in 4Q' 18
6868 Dealing with large enterprises is different than [ small businesses ] and consumers,
6869 It may not be the same, but trust me, it'll blow your knickers off,
6870 Mr Ponte was outside. On seeing police, he walked away. All of the suspects were detained by officers and identified as being part of the fight.
6871 Hi Liam, do you know why Noel hates oasis reunion so much??????
6872 My shoes are Clarks' originals wallabees. I love the way people in cities like Manchester dress and I style myself on that.
6873 Keep your eyes peeled and your ears open 31st January something very special for you all.
6874 it's not clear what people mean when they say this,
6875 The temporal uncertainty around the persistence of the virus is the most important reason for keeping some policy gun powder dry, even as we meet the challenge on all fronts,
6876 While we erect trade barriers to imports through higher custom duties, we are opening the capital account for `bond tourists' further,
6877 to move from simple chemical synthesis products to advanced, modern materials that better meet the needs of an innovative economy,
6878 We remain committed to diversity and inclusion; are delighted by the depth and quality of experience that this leadership team brings to our group. These appointments further indicate our internal succession capacity and strong corporate governance practices.
6879 This global pandemic must bring citizens, governments and business leaders together -- and quickly. As we see a rapidly increasing number of cases of the coronavirus in Nigeria and Africa, the private sector has to work hand in hand with various Governments, in stemming the spread of the global pandemic,
6880 a growing sense of unfairness, precarity, perceived loss of identity and dignity, weakening social fabric, eroding trust in institutions, disenchantment with political processes and an erosion of the social contract.
6881 Hey, I need to put food on the table,
6882 era of fortress and walls
6883 I consider the Forum's biggest pivot, right here, right now. How we plan and prepare for our next 50
6884 If you were a priest in a church, you would want to make the sinners come visit you on a Sunday.
6885 Governments' first priority must be financial in nature -- specifically, they need to provide unsecured, no-interest loans and expand credit guarantee systems to ensure that companies have the funds required to stay in business and preserve jobs. Of course, governments also need to employ ordinary fiscal stimulus and monetary accommodation to prevent the economy from spiraling downwards, but there are limits to what such measures can achieve
6886 I am less worried than some people are about the short-term disruption of a no-deal outcome, simply because we've had quite a long time to prepare for it. There really shouldn't be any reason for big queues at Dover or food shortages in the shops, which we might have been worried about last March.
6887 If not too much damage [ is ] done to [ our ] workforce and businesses during [ this ] shutdown, we could see a fairly quick rebound. Much closer to a major snowstorm
6888 The absence of new fundamental information on the docket for Monday suggests that focus will remain firmly on the consequences of mounting tensions between the U.S. and Iran. Even if there has been a reluctance to push the rally in Treasuries overnight, equities are poised to take another leg lower,
6889 If you have a bowlful of Skittles and I told you just three would kill you, would you take a handful? That's our Syrian refugee problem.
6890 It's hard to set up something to do that right away.
6891 It's really an issue of you have people who have capacity to pay a lot of taxes
6892 The [ unemployment insurance ] system is already up and running: payments can flow quickly. For essential maintenance costs, the tax authority is probably best positioned,
6893 the triple crown of Southern Africa's mining future
6894 this analysis will help to alleviate excessive panic
6895 Going forward, we'll take this challenge in our stride, and lead the travel industry to flourish once again,
6896 where people can give and ask help from your neighborhood.
6897 Restoring the Ethical Foundations of Economics,
6898 It's a very tough regime, hard to implement and follow, and one of high economic cost in the short term. It's all to avoid a mortality disaster,
6899 That means continued improvements of basic public services, such as health and education as fundamental goals and addressing the growing environmental crisis, with massive air pollution, the water crisis and the climate change crisis,
6900 Countries in East Asia and the Pacific that were already coping with international trade tensions and the repercussions of the spread of COVID-19 in China are now faced with a global shock. The good news is that the region has strengths it can tap, but countries will have to act fast and at a scale not previously imagined.
6901 I would like to personally reiterate that these allegations are false and we remain committed to the highest governance standards, built on a strong foundation of ethics,
6902 The idea is that we avoid getting to four degrees,
6903 there would be an upbeat mood in the market, but after a while people would realize there is still a huge amount of supply overhang,
6904 in the absence of a major unexpected geopolitical event, looking at supply and demand of oil, we do not see any reason for prices to increase substantially in the next months to come as the markets are very well supplied.
6905 This is especially true in China, the largest energy consumer in the world, which accounted for more than 80 percent of global oil demand growth last year,
6906 disappeared from the oil market
6907 no energy company [ would ] be unaffected
6908 Saudi Arabia, which has been a stabilizer of oil markets for many years can once again play a constructive role and as chair of the G20 can bring all key economies of the world, producers and consumers together, to have a dialog to take measures to try to stabilize the oil markets.
6909 Governments have to address [ the financial impact of Covid-19 ] and build firewalls for the economies of their countries as millions of people are losing their jobs. Many of these government are in the process of preparing huge stimulus in order to provide for an economic recovery -- in Europe, the US, Japan, it is everywhere,
6910 According to our numbers, even this 10 million barrels cut, in the second quarter we may well see a stock building over 15 million barrels per day,
6911 well placed to deal with the effects of the coronavirus
6912 Our assessment is that GDP growth for 2020 as a whole will be largely unaffected,
6913 My judgment is that if the Reserve Bank had not eased monetary policy last year, this adjustment by households would have been harder, the balance sheet repair would have been more difficult, and the economy would have been weaker.
6914 The data that we have received since then are consistent with this.
6915 reducing the economic and financial disruption resulting from the virus
6916 I certainly understand that having interest rates at very low levels has unsettled some people. But I don't accept the idea that this is what is driving weak consumption. There is something deeper going on.
6917 At some point the virus will be contained and our economy and our financial markets will recover, and things will return to normal,
6918 having a significant effect on the Chinese economy at present
6919 We're used to seeing Joanna Lumley having a lush time somewhere nice but this will be a very different take on a travelogue.
6920 the idea is that you take a lot of short term pain to ensure that you don't do any long-term damage to the Australian economy and indeed globally
6921 and what we loved was to let these characters develop and get to know each other because that makes the format more dynamic.
6922 [ We're in ] unprecedented times,
6923 They want to park their money in a first-class world economy, which is Australia, Canada and the U.S.,
6924 be chopped by around 10%
6925 among the most politically palatable (at least to Republicans) candidates for the Federal Reserve Board of Governors.
6926 I think Trump does actually have the right to claim a victory here, because it's a totally unusual approach to [ rack ] up tariffs and try to break out concessions on the other side. No one has done that in decades... it's a victory which may unravel in the future, because the fundamental cause of the imbalances is still the fact that the American dollar is the currency for international trade and thereby by definition, the American currency is overvalued,
6927 It's also quite likely that we will need to figure out how to reopen the economy with the virus remaining a threat.
6928 No, they wouldn't. They'd be in Mexico, in Vietnam, in Indonesia.
6929 If the economy comes back in the third quarter, that is business delayed.
6930 Shrieking hysteria doesn't get anybody anywhere.
6931 Imagine you're a Walmart buyer. You call your Chinese supplier and tell them you want a 10 percent cost cut to cover the 10 percent tariff.
6932 Precisely for that reason, there may therefore be a role for economic policy to support activity and the provision of credit in the meantime, in order to ensure that short-term disruption doesn't result in longer-term damage,
6933 What I'm saying is within the context of the framework for deciding monetary policy, we also have to look at the impact on employment and on stable prices. If other central banks engage in those unfair practices, it can impact employment, especially our manufacturers who have to compete.
6934 influence over the creation of money and credit.
6935 I don't claim to be in the mainstream of economist.
6936 All proceeds raised from the slimathon will be split between the children's ward at Furness General Hospital and St Mary's Hospice in Ulverston.
6937 Go right to the home territory of your competitor and make sure you dominate there,
6938 They caught their competition in the U.S. just dead flat-footed,
6939 can't measure every possible thing,
6940 First is that it is equally rich but we can make it more timely. Second, it is a cheaper and more effective way to produce the data.
6941 I will only make a recommendation to change the way we do things if we can replicate the richness of the census data. It would have to be equally rich but more timely, cheaper and more effective. We will only change if we can do something better.
6942 Fiscal prudence will be vital with health and pension costs set to rise just as the economy faces disruption from Brexit and a potential drop in corporate tax receipts,
6943 He brings with him a wealth of leadership experience and a deep commitment to our values. He is a prolific scholar with a focus on sustainability and collaborative research, which will serve both CLA&S and NIU well.
6944 I am particularly curious to see what impact, if any, the Senate trial will have on the performance of Democratic candidates in the Iowa caucus. By keeping Senators (Amy) Klobuchar, (Bernie) Sanders and (Elizabeth) Warren off the campaign trail in Iowa, the Senate trial has the potential to disrupt the current standings.
6945 I think there are quite a few people starting to predict that we might see some fairly major structural changes in the future [ linked to this crisis ],
6946 It's big bikkies for a conservation project when you're relying on public funding.
6947 It's important that people understand the situation is reliable, so that they do not spend money on food products, which will have to be thrown away in a while,
6948 With their help, in particular, the first infections were identified in Belarus, Armenia and Kyrgyzstan,
6949 It's pretty hard to say but the family would like to say thank you to the judge, the prosecution, and to everybody,
6950 Like many African graduates who are frustrated like me, we're now thinking of going back to the countries that colonised us,
6951 And every single day we work, let's look at the real lives behind the statistics. Let's hear their voices. Let's feel their aspirations,
6952 Either the cup is half empty or half empty. To us, that is a $68 - $108 billion opportunity.
6953 Mr President, malnutrition accounts for at least 11 per cent of Africa's Gross Domestic Product. We have 65 per cent of the world's remaining uncultivated arable land. We have an abundance of freshwater and about 300 days of sunshine a year. There's no reason for anyone to go hungry,
6954 Obviously it's a major investment to put on a Super Bowl, but it's the Super Bowl,
6955 People and businesses need aid now,
6956 affected our monetary policy and our assessment of the outlook.
6957 I expect that, certainly in China and perhaps in Asia, the first quarter numbers are going to be weaker; there could be spillover to the U.S. economy as well in the first quarter and it remains to be seen by how much and for how long that will persist,
6958 Once you realize that people at high levels in an organization can be perfectly good board members for you, that does increase the pool of candidates,
6959 The transitional government as a whole must ensure accountability, responsibility and transparency in all decisions made,
6960 We aim at handing over a sum of Rs 40 lakh to the West Bengal State Emergency Relief Fund,
6961 We are grateful for the support of Yvette Cooper, and indeed our other local Members of Parliament, in this endeavour.
6962 The problem isn't solved if it's just deferred to the end of the sentence and he will know too that there's been considerable warnings about these risks, and Ian Acheson has expressed considerable concern that the recommendations in his review have not been fully implemented.
6963 intimidation and violence has no place in our politics
6964 We believe Oxy is a good company with good assets,
6965 In the army, they would be court-martialed, but here they would probably grant themselves bonuses because their stock options have collapsed.
6966 Concerning the fact how to name this situation, you know, it is normally proper to do so when this period ends. The period is challenging and, most importantly, we have approached this period with sufficient accruals and buffers and the financial system stability. We have the whole range of tools to mitigate risks, and not merely to mitigate risks but also to support the economic activity and lending in this environment,
6967 There is a relatively high probability of a rate cut at the next meeting, but it's not guaranteed,
6968 frequent changes in the rates added to the confusion, giving the signal that rates could be adjusted through lobbying, which goes completely contrary to the signal of stability that GST should normally convey
6969 Private investment is subdued because of a lack of animal spirits. Investors who have the capacity to invest are not able to get credit from the banks. Banks are not extending credit because they're very cautious. Some people have also talked of a fear factor depressing investment. Many people say that our tax laws have become so complex and cumbersome, and we are also criminalising certain aspects of tax avoidance, that people are discouraged from adopting a high profile and are trying to cover their tracks,
6970 it is there and there is a lot of it.
6971 I had become bullish because of my belief that the entire country would soon go into lockdown, and that would be the fastest and best way to minimise the impact of the virus,
6972 Please send everyone home now. With your leadership, we can end this now. The rest of the world will follow your lead. A global Spring Break will save us all.
6973 We believe that efforts to contain the coronavirus are likely to have a substantial negative impact on the U.S. and global economies, and on equity and credit markets.
6974 Is Bill Ackman Toast?
6975 It is for the first time these days that I could wear a white shirt for two consecutive days to work and not get even a speck of dust on it. Even my wife laughed saying that she did not have to scrub the collars. I really feel that we must have a 10-day lockdown in the country to breathe easy and enjoy some whiff of fresh air
6976 Let's see how that plays through,
6977 Many Americans have very little cash reserves or liquid assets to sustain themselves in the event of a job loss or any type of economic shock. And that becomes even more pronounced when we consider vulnerable communities,
6978 I don't think we've learned the lessons from 2008 at all,
6979 They are closed, and whatever profit they make, they pay out,
6980 well back in the queue
6981 CFOs are fighting their own war for the survival of their companies.
6982 Unhappiness is hill-shaped in age,
6983 If you're in a midlife crisis, just understand that lots of other people are as well,
6984 What do people do? There's all kinds of things that people do. It's a tough time.
6985 You compare yourself to the alternative and realise I have to get real, but also, life isn't so bad.
6986 This is pretty surprising; that it seems to be the same everywhere.
6987 We will prevent these elections,
6988 When it is pervasive and uncontrolled, corruption thwarts economic development and undermines political legitimacy,
6989 I urge all official bilateral creditors of the poorest countries to act with immediate effect to help International Development Association countries through debt relief, allowing the countries to concentrate their resources on fighting the pandemic. In many cases this will require comprehensive and fair debt restructuring that includes NPV reductions sufficient for restoring debt sustainability,
6990 The broader economic programme will aim to shorten the time to recovery, create conditions for growth, support small and medium enterprises, and help protect the poor and vulnerable. There will be a strong poverty focus in these operations, with an emphasis on policy-based financing, and protecting the poorest households and the environment.
6991 Jordan, Lebanon, Algeria and Bahrain made many reforms,
6992 inaccurate and not fact-based. It impugns the integrity of the AfDB, undermines our governance systems, and incorrectly insinuates that we operate under different standards from the World Bank
6993 It creates an asymmetric situation. They can win, while you're losing,
6994 New York faces a looming existential crisis brought on by the coronavirus.
6995 Coronavirus and the Future of Living and Working in America
6996 Of course you are going to get web marketing companies where 80 percent of the employees are 25 years old,
6997 Sometimes we would have to tell Jeann e we can't do that because we don't ha ve the facilities,
6998 while it produces wealth it should also distribute wealth, thereby making it a place of justice.
6999 Again, this assumes that the resort is closed for two months.
7000 The recent closure of our parks in both Shanghai and Hong Kong due to the ongoing coronavirus situation will negatively impact second quarter and full year results,
7001 The economy is fine and it's been fine for 8 to 10 years, the longest boom we've ever had. And that's good.
7002 realistically, if he does not increase his support by African-Americans, he won't be the nominee,
7003 The unprecedented actions represent the type of decisive policy response we have been calling for -- and set the scene for an eventual economic recovery,
7004 clarity on the ultimate scale of the problem and evidence that the infection's curves are bending globally,
7005 Economic growth takes a backseat to the stability of the financial system and consumer prices on my list of concerns,
7006 If you can save a million, then save a million. The more you save the better you are,
7007 Okay. Could you actually have a recession that starts in commodity markets, through trade wars?
7008 That takes time and is prone to political horse-trading.
7009 Jeff Bezos-Go Back!
7010 Knowing well the unfair and monopolising business tactics of ecommerce companies, what is preventing CCI from taking action? Why these recommendations and soft view on irregularities?
7011 The Cousteau family has shaped our understanding of the world's oceans since the 1940s and continues to do so well into the 21st century,
7012 These foods, many from animal sources, are vital for the healthy growth of young children, especially those who already have poor quality diets. It is vital that their production can be undertaken in a way that respects planetary environmental boundaries. This Coalition promises to be a valuable addition to our collective efforts to square this circle.
7013 Turkey is self-sufficient in wheat, producing 20 million tons and consuming of 18.5 million tons annually,
7014 He planned the trip, hike, and picnic. Yes, he got down on one knee. And when he proposed, he had a letter for me -- and I had a letter for him, because this wasn't sprung on me. We took this step together.
7015 In recent weeks, we have seen inspiring examples of individuals and groups helping each other. People across the globe are stepping up, rising to the enormous challenge in front of us. We want to do our part, too,
7016 Men date sooner, men date more, and women get judged more. And, you know, obviously that's super unfair. I think I'm helping people remember that dating, for those who want to do it, is part of moving forward, and it is option B. If I could I would only date Dave. I made that choice. I made that choice. I just had that taken away from me.
7017 Individuals, business leaders, leaders at any organisation, individual people, businesses, and the government. We all have to do our part,
7018 I am in daily contact with the prime minister. Right now, the ball is in the Knesset's hands, and I am calling on the Knesset members to rise above political considerations,
7019 I expect a true crash to take back a decade.
7020 My thoughts and concerns would be for all of the employees of his company,
7021 We've got to get Victorians back out to these regions having their holidays and business and sport can play a leading role in encouraging that.
7022 The average working American spends 100 minutes a day commuting, so the potential impact on all our lives is massive,
7023 I can't see many firms green-lighting any projects until they can figure out what is going on.
7024 We are beginning to evacuate Russian citizens from Wuhan and Hubei. Three hundred people from Wuhan and 341 in Hubei,
7025 ready to use more than 40,000 respiratory support systems,
7026 We don't have pets, but I certainly won't go messing around in that pond,
7027 Africa is at a point where if you compare 20 years ago, there are more democracies than dictatorships. And if you look at it from a conflict standpoint, there is significant reduction in conflicts, especially inter-state conflicts, although you still have insecurity and terrorism bedeviling some countries,
7028 Anywhere agriculture has developed in the world you have strong extension services,
7029 Do you want Azadi [ freedom ]?
7030 I deeply regret that the UK government says it will end the free movement of people. EU citizens have greatly benefited from this right and I hope the government will still change its mind on this issue.
7031 If the spread of the virus outbreak is unable to be contained, it could turn out to be a disaster for the world economy,
7032 I'm a sucker and a fool who's in love...
7033 People needed to have as much information as possible to make the most educated decision at that time.
7034 It worries me that they may be tame or used to humans,
7035 The real problem of the country at this moment is unemployment.... But we did not hear anything about employment opportunities in the budget,
7036 All put together, Rs 50,486 crore is being denied to the state of Bengal,
7037 There's no evidence of mismanagement, bad products, poor practices, malfeasance,
7038 We will be introducing penalties for those who deviate, we recognise we are in transition, we will get there.
7039 Suspension of duty on semi-knocked down (SKD) bus kits imported by approved assemblers. The kits contain parts needed to assemble buses and are typically manufactured in one country or region, then exported to another country or region for final assembly,
7040 The Taskforce will put in place additional policy measures, where necessary,
7041 The need to make this border post operate on a 24-hour basis is increasingly becoming imperative in order to facilitate trade and this will mean even more need of accommodation for staff. We will, therefore, continue to support the infrastructure budget to that end.
7042 at least 30 percent and I've seen far higher numbers
7043 almost everything possible to ease financial conditions in support of the economy.
7044 It is our collective obligation to change the culture in the profession,
7045 companies may end up with debt burdens that make them unwilling to restore investment spending or re-hire workers.
7046 But the truth is, (the final budget) will probably end up somewhere in the middle.
7047 Due to its relative importance in consumption, food is still the main driver of inflation in the country,
7048 FBR's performance over the past two years, but showed dissatisfied with their work during the current year
7049 The inflation rate in the country would start receding soon which would gradually come down to comfortable level,
7050 had reason to know exactly what they were doing and for whom.
7051 None of this is good for psychology or the economy,
7052 The relative under performance of the Canadian market reflects our out-sized representation of the energy sector. The two weakest sectors in the TSX are the energy and financial sectors,
7053 Unlike individual economies, which normally contract in an outright recession, that is rarely the case for the world as a whole,
7054 Despite being classified as `essential businesses,' many farmers markets are scrambling to modify their operations to provide a safe marketplace for vendors and shoppers, and may remain closed if physical location, financial and/or staff limitations, or supply shortages prevent them from accessing the equipment, technology, and tools they need to operate responsibly,
7055 If that cash flow dries up, instances of illiquidity can occur if clubs are unable to meet their obligations. The next step would then be insolvency.
7056 If you're getting COVID, and you have been breathing polluted air, it's really putting gasoline on a fire,
7057 robust infection control measures are in place
7058 Inevitably we will get to the situation where we need to consider closing schools.
7059 The algorithmic amplification of outrage and fear, and microtargeting... the combination of those two things allows for manipulation of attention, but also choices,
7060 best custom audience ever created for politics
7061 The obvious consequence of all that political discourse is that if I can trust only myself, then I should not be inclusive. I should close the country. I should protect my border, my society, the root of my country.
7062 We are going to bring about 2 000 people as the UN family to Zimbabwe to showcase the good things that Zimbabwe has, but also to look at some of the challenges such as unemployment and see how as a continent we can respond to that.
7063 We have a very good bankruptcy system in the United States. We have a very good set of capital markets. In most situations, they can handle it.
7064 we have seen growing up from a baby to a child.
7065 Historically people have turned to the dollar when they see turmoil elsewhere,
7066 I hold no grudge against him. We should forgive each other, we should move on, we can't be stuck in the past,
7067 Investors want the capital expenditure of the companies they are investing in to be,
7068 Is it hard to get senior partners or highly qualified people from the auditing profession to join ASIC? Is it simply an income issue?
7069 The stimulus package will help the affected groups and to better secure our growth. But you need to balance the growth stimulus... All these will be taken into account in the stimulus package,
7070 There's an awakening that these old drugs, these old plants, magic mushrooms or ayahuasca or the Iboga root from Africa have real positive medicinal qualities,
7071 They have our experience to draw on.
7072 This puts the employees in a better position to take care of the clients because they're not lying in bed at night thinking about their own job.
7073 Everyone keeps trying to talk about this economic data as if we can look at it the way we look at it normally. Really, you can't look at it that way.
7074 We have a team that understands our strategy and a playbook with a rigorous due diligence process to mitigate these risks.
7075 Manju's incredible depth of experience and knowledge will be instrumental in helping to shape and enhance StorCentric's products and services to further enable our customers to innovate, modernize and transform their IT infrastructure. In addition, Manju's business experience will contribute significantly as the company executes on this strategy,
7076 You know we found out about Pastor Glenn and Mother Marcietia though Facebook and then of course the word started to spread and immediately we began to pray.
7077 all data, information and analysis used to develop the rule to the docket at the time the rule was proposed.
7078 will lead to dirtier air at a time when our country is working around the clock to respond to a respiratory pandemic whose effects may be exacerbated by air pollution.
7079 Nevertheless, monetary policymakers will want to do what they can.
7080 If you look at the averages, over the last three to six months, you're still in the 150,000 to 200,000 range, and that's still well ahead of what you need in the long term to stabilize the unemployment rate,
7081 So we're trying to put together all of these different sorts of tools into a toolkit that students can apply to the question at hand, which is how do you run successful campaigns? How do you find good influencers? How do you manage this? How do you think about it?
7082 This will also diversify our economy into a more modern economy and take advantage of our branding as the largest gold exporter on the continent at this point,
7083 No one group can do everything. But I do think that the world has a greater sense of readiness this time to develop knowledge, drugs, and therapeutics very rapidly. The scientific knowledge that will be gained from the vaccine efforts [ will ] be hugely valuable in the biomedical research field, against future outbreaks, and in the development of a vaccine to terminate this epidemic.
7084 Only the 1 percenters gained share since Trump took office
7085 The footpath and one-way traffic laneway always worked really well. Now entry will be back where it always has been. The laneway is going to work really well for the town, I think,
7086 Two and a half cheers for the midwestern bourgeoisie.
7087 Developing economies don't have the same scope to respond as countries like Switzerland,
7088 Es gibt zwei Fakten, die wichtig sind
7089 And guess what? This new indicator works. Recall the days after Lehman collapsed in Sept' 08. Electricity use immediately cratered. But it took months -- and many revisions -- for the official stats like GDP or payrolls to pick up the carnage.
7090 We all have this inner panic-buying button and as soon as we see unusual things like empty shelves, masks on faces, lineups; it will trigger this will to press this button,
7091 [ E-commerce ] is going to change the culture of promotions... and that's going to be beneficial for grocers,
7092 When a country is burning all across, as is happening in Delhi now... in such situations, the minority community may get beaten. Alongside, members of the majority community, who are amongst this environment of hooliganism, may also get beaten. But in whichever families these incidents occur, in those families the worst affected are always the girls,
7093 Cyprus' sovereign debt is the fifth highest in the eurozone. Cyprus' debt and, by extension, the cost of borrowing, is also affected by the amount of non-performing loans accumulated by private banks, which is the second-highest in the euro area,
7094 I was joking with my wife earlier about, you know, I've got a yoga mat and like a one kettlebell and some bands in the house,
7095 Ownership's got a lot of say in Philly,
7096 Give it up to St. Joe's, they brought a great crowd and so did we. We got down in that first quarter, but we had to keep our heads and keep playing. That's a great win, we knew it would be a close game. Coach always tells us to play till the final buzzer. And A.J. stepped up big-time.
7097 if a local person sees it and looks at his or her state, then that person has much more information about what's going on,
7098 It is a 49 per cent stake that we are negotiating for in RwandAir.
7099 It would provide a larger benefit to the well off. And it isn't targeted on those who need it.
7100 The speed of the decline over the past week even beats the Black Monday episode in October 1987, where the peak was in August 1987,
7101 They are balancing economic suffering and the virus,
7102 Central banks have a core role in payment systems,
7103 European countries have faced the same kind of technological change we have, and they're not seeing the people killing themselves with guns or drugs or alcohol. There is something unique about the way the U.S. is handling this.
7104 gold was at an inflection point and could hit $1,800 over the next 12 months.
7105 It's crucial to now use all tools that are available to us,
7106 There are still gaps in the approach; and it will mitigate, not fully remove, the hit to the economy, but he should be congratulated for what he is doing.
7107 You can only use Zoom video conference calls for so long to do business. There will be normalization for the transportation sector eventually.
7108 after adjusting for consumer inflation of 4.7%
7109 I read about it in the press alright. There's a lot of criticism about John Delaney, my own experience is that when I go to these local games in the constituency on the ground, is that I see John Delaney and representatives of the FAI all the time. They're always on the ground doing things, relating to those really important things that young people are doing.
7110 It seems like all market participants have understood the components of the ECB's asset purchase programme,
7111 It's unbelievable. It's hard to grasp what's going on globally,
7112 Shares in HIVE are seeing substantial daily trading volume following year-end tax loss selling in mutual funds and ETFs. I believe the future of the company looks very promising as a number of other crypto mining companies have capitulated.
7113 With the sanctions, we can say that the government has lost at least 30 per cent of its budget revenues. This has inevitably had an impact on their health system,
7114 Access to the Board of Trustees is something that students so desperately need because that's the governing body that can make the structural change that most would say this university needs,
7115 It is genuinely not my fault that the document was unclear.
7116 generally more resilient than before the 2008 financial crisis because they have greater capital and liquidity cushions.
7117 I'm very worried that this government-or any government - in a panic does stupid things,
7118 People don't mind so much if their politician lies because they think it's for the common good.
7119 But if I have this other goal, and I know I want to save for a bicycle or a summer vacation or my next car, all of the sudden the trade-off, or what's called the opportunity cost, is much more salient and I'm less likely to do it.
7120 The wedding was amazing with indoor/outdoor spaces, and a view that you can't find anywhere! You can see for miles. The brides family was able to stay in the Stable House to get ready and they had a blast being that close to the venue and yet a place to relax, watch movies and celebrate with the family.
7121 We heard the president at the State of the Union Address talk about the very lowest workers getting big wage increases,
7122 Zero Budget Natural Farming implemented in Andhra Pradesh is a successful example and it is scaling fast,
7123 attempting to imbue it with authority by misappropriating the names of those in a position of trust.
7124 While many people are sharing information about the virus and how to protect against it, only some of that information is useful or reliable. Misinformation during times of a health crisis can spread paranoia, fear, and stigmatization. It can also result in people being left unprotected or more vulnerable to the virus,
7125 He's a great governor, he's doing a great job, and we happened to have a little plane that we use for our team that was idle.
7126 If you think this would be a good idea anyways, particularly fighting inequality, then you're not so nervous about trying to increase transfers to people to deal with that,
7127 Policy makers and altogether too many economic commentators fail to grasp how the supply component may make the next global recession unlike the last two. In contrast to recessions driven mainly by a demand shortfall, the challenge posed by a supply-side-driven downturn is that it can result in sharp declines in production and widespread bottlenecks. In that case, generalized shortages -- something that some countries have not seen since the gas lines of 1970s -- could ultimately push inflation up, not down,
7128 It is industry, it is agriculture, it is overfishing, it is infrastructure, it is overexploitation, invasive species. Each of these are the areas that we need to talk about and get commitments.
7129 humanity was placing too many pressures on the natural world with damaging consequences
7130 As a veterinarian, I went to school to protect cats. Not couches.
7131 Even if the lockdown eases, the service jobs, like in restaurants and hotels, will be slow to increase. It could take years, not months to return to the previous levels,
7132 Previous public health emergencies in California have brought shifts, but nothing at all like what we're seeing just in the past two weeks.
7133 T he Deficit Myth.
7134 Europe has the capacity to do this; but in order to be successful, the timidity and suspicion that characterised too much of policy during the euro-area crisis must be avoided this time.
7135 Liquidity has massively diminished because people can't price the virus,
7136 On the surface, THE LEGEND OF ROCK, PAPER, SCISSORS seems to be a kooky musical about a bunch of inanimate objects singing, dancing and battling each other in some very ridiculous and over-the-top scenarios. And, it is a kooky musical about all of that, but it really is so much more. It's about friendship, bravery, teamwork and overcoming challenges... My hope is that audiences will walk away from this show with a smile on their face, and the realization that it is good to surround yourself with people who not only love you for who you are, but who also challenge you to be the best version of yourself.
7137 We must constantly point to science as the solution to societal problems. Then stick to it and act accordingly!
7138 As we approach the end of our first five years on AIM, I am pleased with how the business has performed and delivered on its to commitments to staff, clients and investors. The board remains confident that Gateley is well positioned to deliver a performance for the full year in line with market expectations,
7139 For those that are well-capitalized, this has the potential to be a fantastic buying opportunity for the long-term investor.
7140 not just in letter but in spirit.
7141 That is not who we are at Harvard, and I ask you to join me in ensuring that everyone in our community is treated with respect and dignity.
7142 We are highly-selective and we have to be partners with companies that share our same goals. Tom Gores and the Detroit Pistons share our vision for providing a high-quality product with service that goes above and beyond.
7143 whether there could be a legislative solution to this legislative problem or whether there is a way we could tick the legal box without wasting your and a lot of other people's time
7144 Who stands behind these bonds?
7145 colonial riches, natural resources, and patents and intellectual property.
7146 Due to the high level of uncertainties caused by COVID-19, it is yet premature to mention or consider an extraordinary session,
7147 Locating to a former Royal Bank of Scotland building is very fitting considering the support it has provided us to help us achieve our growth ambitions.
7148 Mr. Putin, actually, would very much like to be the MBS of Russia,
7149 On behalf of our movement, I'm excited to put forward this bold, transformative proposal,
7150 The timing of the outbreak is especially unfortunate... Europe and Japan are flirting with recession while China and India had been losing growth momentum.
7151 Any [ parliamentary ] deputy will tell you who wants to buy this company. Don't be surprised if their last name ends with
7152 are more powerful than the hope that this is over.
7153 does not mean this is the best medicine
7154 Everything, from conceptualising to testing out how much bleach can be used safely, took us one day,
7155 If you're tired, take a nap!
7156 It's been terrible for business,
7157 the credibility of the coal commission,
7158 Das ist geldpolitisch eine sehr komplexe Frage, die aus meiner Sicht kein akutes geldpolitisches Handeln erfordert
7159 I'm sorry, but at end of next week we are terminating your job.
7160 So it sounds a bit timid to me.
7161 That's the nightmare they're always thinking about.
7162 The pick-up in 2020 is subject to big downside risks,
7163 You can have disruptions to financial markets, and you can have growth slowdowns... and then this debt does become unsustainable and very difficult to service.
7164 We're not just rolling over on every one of them,
7165 While we have some concerns about the process involved and the substance of some resolutions, we have become isolated in poor company in our voting on UN Middle East resolutions,
7166 On the question of Taiwan's admission to the WHO -- China bought the WHO's silence. It is quite easy to agree with Donald Trump's decision to defund the WHO.
7167 The government has taken this step because I am absconder, but even the decision to brand me as a fugitive is also unlawful because my petition is in the Supreme Court,
7168 If you waved a hand and got rid of the virus tomorrow we'd be back to normal in a week,
7169 New Haven and state affairs and campus development,
7170 that means we will have more deaths.
7171 arrived at and imposed without any serious consultation of the faculty whose disciplines it will restructure.
7172 I suspect markets may prove more volatile next week, now that there is more information and official comment than was available on Friday.
7173 If we don't start now we are locking it in for the generation to come.
7174 Normally, we get excited about a quarter of a percent change to GDP.
7175 The aspirational growth rate could be between 6.5% to 7%. At this stage it will be difficult to attain nine% GDP growth,
7176 Colonial Williamsburg owns real property in the City of Williamsburg and York and James City counties,
7177 Even in the oil-producing U.S., the lower price is a stabilizing force for output today,
7178 They're already depending on us because they've outlived their fixed income retirements.
7179 These lines make me hopeful that they are coming around to considering a devaluation in the near term, instead of prevaricating,
7180 This will lead to the setting up of new industries. This move can support PM's `Make in India' policy and help boost manufacturing, income and employment generation in the country. This also furthers Modi's appeal to citizens to use indigenous products,
7181 We've been preparing for this, so we've got everything in place,
7182 Bangladesh's economy: Envious Growth and Sustainable Development
7183 They are also realizing that businesses are being protected instead of ordinary people, but particularly businesses that form the support base of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party,
7184 We have decent observations on natural disasters going back a century, data on crop yields going back longer,
7185 We strongly advise [ students ] to reconsider non-essential personal or business travel away from Dane County,
7186 But, there was certainly a conversation, and the fact that I even got to Skype with Sly was amazing.
7187 I'm afraid of them becoming a Petri dish that could be spreading it,
7188 In practice, much would depend on how far the UK is willing to align with EU regulation post-Brexit. I think the case for this is strong, for example in relation to financial services,
7189 You will hear the [ then - ] president of the Eurogroup [ Jeroen Dijsselbloem ] and other ministers warn me that if I dare table written proposals within the Eurogroup meetings, that would be the end of the negotiations,
7190 And the world is ready to move forward.
7191 is absolutely appalling that the U.S. took a decision to stop people coming in without any warning or any discussion with the Europeans. I think that it is without precedent and it is an illustration of the drama where we are.
7192 the benefit of a cut would be very modest.
7193 We have already contacted numerous businesses including gyms, travel companies, and event payment processors, just to name a few, to change their approach in relation to refunds or fees to postpone or delay a service, without fanfare but with great success in getting better outcomes for consumers,
7194 The message is still shop around, but it's hard not to be outraged by people who are trying to keep petrol prices at $1.50, $1.60, when it should be around $1.10,
7195 determine if the recent falls in international crude oil and refined petrol prices were flowing through to consumers
7196 stands by our decision to oppose this merger.
7197 We're basically seeing the pandemic like a war in the sense that we do need increased supply of things and basically most of the behaviour we're allowing competitors to engage in is maintaining or increasing supply of goods or services on the one hand and hardship policies for those who can't pay for services like communications or electricity on the other.
7198 If the ACCC won 100 per cent of the cases we took it would be a sign we weren't doing our job properly; by only picking `safe' cases and not standing up for what we believe in,
7199 Airlines, on the other hand, have expressed concerns to us about issues such as congestion of runways and taxiways, as well as the adequacy of the baggage facilities at several airports.
7200 if issues causing poor performance on some FTTN connections, such as problems with in-house wiring, had been addressed
7201 The story we're getting is that's due to flow on from the drought and the bushfires, and also the continual de-stocking when it comes to products such as meat. So that all seems logical.
7202 Although -- sadly -- it is true that there are almost 11 tickets left for my upcoming shows in MCR,
7203 He's f *** ing sweating his b ***** off, and we turned around and ask, `What did he just say?
7204 Bet you wish you wrote it.
7205 I'm a sea bass assassin, so I stole it,
7206 The fact that we have had no regional Government for the last three years has compounded our problems in health and education which have existed on flat line budgets. We are all aware how this has impacted our hospitals and schools,
7207 He's obviously gon na say no, because he'd like to be the person to break the news to people because he's the fucking oracle. And obviously I'm his little brother, who's doing well and I'm here to spoil the fucking party.
7208 It's gon na happen very f *** ing soon,
7209 As always with Liam Gallagher, we can guarantee it's going to be an incredible night full of surprises.
7210 I'm absolutely thrilled to have Eric Cantona, the last Rock n roll footballer, star in my video for `Once' . Songs like this don't come around very often and neither do football players like him LG x
7211 Rite sick of pleading begging etc no more olive branches I DEMAND an oasis reunion after this is all over all money going to NHS c'm on you know,
7212 Elected officials have a moral and political duty to ensure the burden of this serious crisis does not land on the same working people and marginalized communities who are already struggling under `normal' periods of capitalism,
7213 Whether or not we like it, I think it is shaking up the conception of `Is housing a human right? Is shelter a necessity? Should everyone be guaranteed a home and a roof over their head?
7214 [ W ] e need to elect Bernie and we need a new party of, by and for working people. We need a powerful socialist movement to end all capitalist oppression and exploitation.
7215 As coronavirus exposes the rotten system of capitalism, this demand is gaining incredible momentum,
7216 I do have an Amazon Prime account, but I don't shop once a week.
7217 On January 13, we held a powerful launch rally of our Tax Amazon 2020 campaign, with 500 people rocking Washington Hall to Tax Amazon and big business to build social housing. Now join my council office and a coalition of progressive labor and renters' rights organizations -- alongside hundreds of working people in Seattle -- at the first of our grassroots democratic Tax Amazon conferences. Let's come together as a movement to discuss different proposals for an Amazon Tax, including how much it should raise annually, what it should fund and what tax mechanism we should use, as well as to organize the grassroots strategy needed to win.
7218 I am worried that we are going to get distracted about the organizational form and take our eye off the need for huge infrastructure and improvements. It's really easy to find examples of each type that have failed in serious ways.
7219 I want to urge all communities, villages and settlements to assist us in dealing with this major issue which affects our waterways,
7220 I was in a restaurant yesterday, possibly for the last time for a while. I was in a taxi, possibly the last time for a while. There are entire industries I interact with where I'm realizing: `This may be the last time I'm paying you for a while,
7221 That it said things like, `If there's still a problem, more checks would go out. '
7222 Congress should pass a simple one-time payment of $1,000 to every adult who is a U.S. citizen or a taxpaying U.S. resident, and $500 to every child who meets the same criteria.
7223 I think [ its about ] making your optimism and your predictions more about the long run and acknowledging it can get worse before it gets better,
7224 A one-year payroll tax cut of 2% of income would provide up to a $5,508 tax cut to a high-income couple, only $500 to a single parent getting by on $25,000 a year, and nothing for a worker placed on leave without pay,
7225 If we don't bring students back, it's going to be a much more painful recovery,
7226 This time, that's going to be needed in a huge way,
7227 And you don't snap back very quickly when you're in a situation like that.
7228 The administrative side of the government is completely overwhelmed right now,
7229 In the worst case scenario, central banks may have to confront a situation where they are called upon by their local constituencies to intervene as climate rescuers of last resort,
7230 A key question informing the BIS Innovation Hub's work is whether money itself needs to be reinvented for a changing environment, or whether the emphasis should be on improving the way it is provided and used,
7231 `Literally Weaponizing Coronavirus' : Despite One of World's Worst Outbreaks of Deadly Virus, U.S. Hits Iran With `Brutal' New Sanctions.
7232 My push for Terry is simply that if there's an opportunity to give this selfless human being another honour there should be a way to do so,
7233 In situations like this, it's consumer and business confidence which tend to erode and that causes decisions to slow down regardless of how much capacity there is in the system,
7234 noticeable impact on Chinese growth... and could spill over to the rest of the global economy,
7235 still too soon to even speculate about either the size or the persistence
7236 proceed on a meeting-by-meeting basis
7237 As long as incoming information about the economy remains broadly consistent with this outlook, the current stance of monetary policy will likely remain appropriate. Of course, if developments emerge that, in the future, trigger a material reassessment of our outlook, we will respond accordingly.
7238 As elected officials, one of our most important responsibilities is to be good stewards of taxpayer dollars, and we know that we can and must be doing better on that front. That's why, for years, I have worked to make it a priority across the federal government to root out and eliminate billions of dollars in waste, fraud and abuse. Today, I'm proud that our bipartisan bill to take the common sense steps necessary to reduce improper payments has been signed into law. I want to thank Sens. Johnson, Peters, Braun, Chairwoman Maloney of the House Oversight and Reform Committee and the staffs of each of these members, for working with me and my staff to make this important bipartisan bill the law of the land.
7239 Other recent incidents took place at refineries, some of which store hydrofluoric acid on site,
7240 EPA is all but ensuring that higher levels of harmful air pollution will make it harder for people to recover in the long run
7241 The most important thing right now is that we are guided by science and heeding the advice of experts,
7242 capitalism's endless quest for profit is also a relentless search for cost reduction and resources cost money.
7243 Inequality is subverting the institutions that manage the market,
7244 less sensitive to oil disruptions and price spikes
7245 Assuming this rationalization occurs over the next year (which was one of our top themes for 2020 even before this), the industry is likely to emerge in a much more healthy position with many of the zombie companies that were a dead weight on returns removed, even paving the way for an attractive international offering of Saudi Aramco,
7246 The announcement from the Federal Reserve for `open ended' money printing reverses these stresses and we are recommending buying gold,
7247 While both policies would help support the US shale sector in the short run, this would come at the expense of higher gasoline prices to consumers, a reversal of the administration's view that current low oil prices were equivalent to a tax cut in the face of an already sharp rise in unemployment,
7248 Listening to Jonny speak was powerful, incredibly moving and ultimately uplifting,
7249 Our study attempted to gauge the magnitude of that challenge by quantifying the effect of temperature on self-reported mental health,
7250 Sure, the global pandemic risks were there for all to see... but no one can ever really see what's next, what lies around the corner,
7251 that communist there! You're the ones from the Communist party.
7252 I don't think tonight is a time for regret,
7253 He rang me some time around that evening,
7254 U.S. tariffs continue to be almost entirely borne by U.S. firms and consumers,
7255 We are particularly concerned about low income countries in debt distress. An issue we are working closely with the World Bank.
7256 Those who are hit the hardest should not go bankrupt and lose their livelihood through no fault of their own,
7257 We commit to do whatever it takes and to use all available policy tools to minimise the economic and social damage from the pandemic, restore global growth, maintain market stability, and strengthen resilience,
7258 We are keen to see governments stepping up on the policy front,
7259 We are still hoping that the impact will be a V shaped curve
7260 [ This epidemic ] is a global problem calling for a global response.
7261 The economic impact is and will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be. ADVERTISEMENT HOW OVER 5000 NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS Advanced economies are generally in a better position to respond to the crisis,
7262 there has been a significant blow to near-term growth prospects and roiled financial markets due to the economic effects of social-distancing measures to contain the virus, alongside falling consumer and business confidence.
7263 These are the times for which the IMF was created -- we are here to deploy the strength of the global community, so we can help shield the most vulnerable people and revitalize the economy,
7264 Just in the very first weeks of the new year we have witnessed increased geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and we have seen the dramatic impact that climate shocks could have. We saw them in Australia as well as parts of Africa,
7265 The economic impact is and will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be. We strongly support the extraordinary fiscal actions many countries have already taken to boost health systems and protect affected workers and firms. We welcome the moves of major central banks to ease monetary policy. These bold efforts are not only in the interest of each country, but of the global economy as a whole. Even more will be needed, especially on the fiscal front,
7266 We are already seeing some tentative signs of stabilization but we have not reached a turning point yet.
7267 The IMF  s current framework, grounded in more conventional economic thinking, broadly steers members towards using the exchange rate as a shock absorber,
7268 without sacrificing economic growth,
7269 we are also looking at more dire scenarios where the spread of the virus continues for longer and more globally, and the growth consequences are more protracted.
7270 Some advance economies have them [ SDRs ] and don't really need them. Some emerging-market economies could make good use of them,
7271 priority is and remains helping support Argentina's recovery with a particular focus on those that have the least and are most exposed. Ultimately, our objective is to pave the way for a stable and prosperous economy.
7272 This will help them channel more of their scarce financial resources towards vital emergency medical and other relief efforts,
7273 as the virus spreads, the case for a coordinated and synchronised global fiscal stimulus is becoming stronger by the hour.
7274 We unfortunately over the past week have seen a shift to a more adverse scenario for the global economy,
7275 This is no longer a regional issue. It is a global issue calling for a global response.
7276 Now we're saying 3.3 percent is our forecast, but there may be a cut. We're hoping it will be in.01 to.02 percentage space,
7277 The human costs of the coronavirus pandemic are already immeasurable and all countries need to work together to protect people and limit the economic damage. This is a moment for solidarity,
7278 A modern version of this approach -- one that permits the issuance of virtual currencies in tandem with government  issued currencies, adapting legal tender laws to permit healthy currency competition -- should be put forward,
7279 Let's go back to the gold standard,
7280 I apologize for the comparison. I truly do,
7281 I think the intellectual diversity would strengthen the discussion,
7282 As for people talking to the voice activated platforms, it was through how we edited it that we were able to make those conversations feel like they're traditionally a conversation between two people that just happened to be in a different space. The difficulty is when you wanted to get in their heads, you had to make it very clear they were just thinking aloud, so that's when you have to slow it down and make it clearer.
7283 I don't think anyone would think we can do everything ourselves in Australia. We've been trading since the Aboriginals traded sea cucumber with the Indonesians. I do think there will be a push to put the green back in the green and gold -- to keep things fresh and clean.
7284 I want to... maintain dialogue with the people,
7285 They are large harvests, successful resolution of tasks faced by the national food security and export growth of agricultural raw materials and production,
7286 I ask regional heads to work on the introduction of quarantines similar to the one introduced in Moscow,
7287 An order has been signed today, it is in the works. Today we will inform everyone accordingly about the relevant measures to close the border in the Far Eastern region and other measures that have been taken by the government,
7288 not to confuse regional with federal authority.
7289 A corresponding instruction was signed today. Work on it is already in progress. We will inform all those concerned properly about the measures to close the border in the Far Eastern region and other steps the government has taken [ to prevent the spread of coronavirus in Russia ],
7290 I am certain that you have your own proposals on what legislative initiatives and what measures we should take to help our agricultural workers.
7291 Over the course of two hours, we discussed and developed plans for the forum and picked a date: June 17, 1990. Now I can hardly believe that it was possible,
7292 If South African inflation were to moderate further, we would have more space to lower interest rates,
7293 The COVID-19 outbreak will have a major health and social impact, and forecasting domestic economic activity presents unprecedented uncertainty,
7294 It was Olivier Blanchard, a Professor of Economics, who introduced us to each other-Howitt recalls - and suggested we might want to collaborate, as we had some ideas in common. He was quite right, I think, because we hit it off immediately and began to work on theories of economic growth. And we have been doing so ever since.
7295 It's true for people who are single. It's true for people who have got children, who haven't got children. For men, it's true for women,
7296 The Economic Effects of Violent Conflict: Evidence from Asset Market Reactions
7297 The idea that my appearance pushed the market down an additional 4% that day is absurd,
7298 the asymptomatic infection rate could be as much as 50X higher than expected.
7299 The profit, if confirmed, would rank as one of the most profitable trades ever disclosed by a hedge fund.
7300 then names kept coming in
7301 I think it's a good deal and I'm hopeful that it will pass,
7302 There is always a chance that it doesn't. What I've tried to do is educate the guys in the locker room and answer as many questions, just try to tell them, I don't care which way that they vote. I just want everybody to make informed decisions and understand what it is that they are voting on.
7303 In the first and second division, TV money is an essential source of revenue,
7304 The 50 +1 rule, in its current form, will probably no longer exist, but it is still an essential part of German football culture,
7305 Infrastructure investment is actually the best housing policy. There's very little we can do to increase the supply of well-located land but there's one thing you can do-build great transport.
7306 I don't see us getting there anytime soon,
7307 If the unemployment rate were to be moving materially higher and there was no further progress being made towards the inflation target, the balance of arguments would tilt towards a further easing of monetary policy,
7308 The possibility of stranded assets and if assets aren't stranded then some are going to be worth less. And, importantly, other assets are going to be worth more.
7309 But in the context of extraordinary times and consistent with our broad mandate to promote the economic welfare of the people of Australia, we are seeking to play our full role in building that bridge to the time when the recovery takes place.
7310 to support the economy as it responds to the global coronavirus outbreak.
7311 for some years, but not forever
7312 it will be hard to lock down the country entirely for much longer periods
7313 That is a very apt assessment. The Prime Minister has not taken any measures for boosting the economy,
7314 If it is disrupted anywhere, the entire supply chain is held ransom and companies are going to start rethinking that should we actually have these really spread out global supply chain or to bring them back closer home and how much diversification should we have. Should we have multiple production sites across the world rather than have it focussed primarily in Asia,
7315 Larger denominations are needed within the context of all that we do. I am not really sure what ill is being done by having higher denominations but the inevitability of us being cashless is an issue of technology and I do not see how it is going to affect the velocity in which cash flows in our country,
7316 What is important for Ghana is how to create an instrument that enables the average or retail person as a Ghanaian, or Caribbean or African American to participate in a way that doesn't conflict with securities rules,
7317 The President has granted executive approval for an expenditure of up to fifteen billion six hundred million Ghana cedis (GH  15,600,00,00.00) toward protecting depositors and investors of failed financial institutions and to improve liquidity of the financial sector
7318 The U.S. hasn't implemented a military draft since 1973.
7319 it could get really ugly for Democrats in the next few months,
7320 Both Trump and the Democrats have overcaffeinated their rhetoric,
7321 to the research, education, academic collaborations and community partnerships that our locations in Beijing and Hong Kong make possible, and we look forward to the resumption of activities as soon as conditions allow.
7322 We did several plays together and `Dog Day Afternoon,' but we haven't worked together for a long, long time. And the writing is just so incredible. You read a couple of scripts and just wanted to be part of something this special.
7323 There's so much Al intuits about characters, from the decisions they make, to the clothes they wear, a look, a glance, the music they love. I would watch him build this character in his mind, brick by brick, memory by memory, just sitting there. It was magical.
7324 It's, `What do you do?
7325 So many Holocaust survivors are no longer with us and that community is growing smaller and smaller by the year. And so for me this was a love letter to my grandmother. It was a quest to don that vigilante cape in the face of rising anti-Semitism in the world, racism, xenophobia. It was a desire to shed light on hidden crimes and hidden truths. And it was also kind of a desire to create a sense of catharsis and wish fulfillment for a young Jewish kid growing up on Long Island who wanted to see superheroes who looked like him on screen, who engaged with the perpetration against the Jewish people in a way that felt unique and special, in a way that we reclaimed power.
7326 If you hunt monsters, do you risk becoming a monster yourself?
7327 My grandma's not alive anymore but to write those scenes with Jonah [ played by Logan Lerman ] and Ruth [ Jonah's grandmother, played by Jeannie Berlin ] filled me with joy,
7328 We strongly urge the Guyana Elections Commission and all parties involved to ensure the process properly follows the legal steps dictated by the laws of Guyana and is in line with the country's international commitments,
7329 details the efforts and motivations of more than 600,000 individuals who represent our hacker community.
7330 For me, if the indications of a revival abroad remain, and developments abroad tend towards optimistic, then I could imagine myself leaning again towards raising interest rates,
7331 is getting really serious now, it's going from bad to worse
7332 It also helps the business sector,
7333 The fact is we're not shopping like we used to, we're not working like we used to, and some businesses aren't able to open at all. Discretionary spending like on travel, restaurants, weekend excursions is obviously going to dry up, as will spending on things like petrol with people staying put.
7334 It was not a surprise -- the critical thing is it won't be the silver bullet that fixes the economy there are many moving parts to this,
7335 My tools are the foundation of my work and now I don't have them. This is going to be a massive struggle for myself and business. It's really got me down.
7336 All modernisation plans must take full account of environmental issues or we will be doing a significant disservice to future generations.
7337 But I think perhaps it may be that they have to keep the tests for people who are much more vulnerable. You don't want to take a test off someone else who is more critical than yourself.
7338 percolate through the economy,
7339 promoting the study and progress of the social, economic, political and juridical sciences, offering the Church the elements which she can use in the study and development of her social doctrine.
7340 development is working while development policy is not.
7341 Some of us we do not see any contradiction to policy. We are seeing a process and the process is painful but it needs to be done. What is lacking is confidence that we need to ensure we give to the market.
7342 The numbers given by the World Bank and IMF in terms of the changes are way too optimistic because even if we lose one month's output, we are talking about pretty negative rate of growth and that is what should determine how we respond,
7343 It is dangerous to have a patient out of ICU and being looked upon by incompetent doctors. What is the point standing around and chanting slogan `Sab ka saath, sab ka vishwas' ,
7344 Even Arvind Panagariya could not stay longer,
7345 Export growth slowed sharply as world trade stagnated, while investment fell victim to a homegrown Balance Sheet crisis, which came in two waves,
7346 These workers are going to come in unless they themselves are too sick to work because they have no savings,
7347 trade-offs are involved in most policy decisions
7348 We all agreed -- and that's for the first time in NATO's history -- at the leaders meeting in London, that we had to address the consequences for our security of the rise of China,
7349 Mr Stoltenberg condemned the continued indiscriminate airstrikes by the Syrian regime and its backer Russia in Idlib province, and called on them to stop their offensive, to respect international law and to back UN efforts for a peaceful solution.
7350 Iran's destabilizing activities in the region, including Iran's support for different terrorist groups
7351 When Nato allies decided to invest more in defence, they did so because we live in a more uncertain, more unpredictable world,
7352 fully support the efforts led by the United States to end the conflict and achieve a peaceful solution.
7353 We are in close contact with the Iraqi authorities, with [ the ] Iraqi government.
7354 provided the rationale behind the action against General Soleimani
7355 is extremely important that Daesh is never able to return.
7356 We can only deliver our side of the deal if Taliban deliver their side of the deal.
7357 Thirdly this is not a competition between countries. This is about saving lives and I welcome the fact that NATO allies are helping each other in many different ways.
7358 I will not go into the details of that briefing. I will leave that to the United States. But we value and appreciate the briefings provided by the United States. I think this provides, or once again shows that NATO is a platform where European Allies, North American Allies, are able to come together and address security concerns for all of us.
7359 At the same time, we will make sure that we do that in a way which is responsible and which protects the health and the safety of our personnel, which is always our top priority,
7360 We are very pleased to secure this strategic partnership with American Airlines -- an agreement between two successful and ambitious airlines with a shared common purpose to enhance the customer experience. The deal will bring together two of the world's largest airline networks, increasing choices for millions of passengers and providing seamless connectivity to a significant number of new destinations, in line with Qatar Airways' successful growth strategy. We have moved on from past issues and look forward to working closely with American Airlines to build a world-leading partnership for all our customers. This agreement will harness our complementary strengths and resources and enable more customers to experience Qatar Airways' award-winning product quality.
7361 Eight new destinations will be joining our network this year in addition to the recently announced gateways of Santorini, Greece; Dubrovnik, Croatia; and Osaka, Japan. With these new routes, our operations will expand to 177 destinations around the world, reinforcing our position as one of the world's most connected airlines. This ensures we can continue to provide our passengers more options and flexibility when planning their business and leisure travel.
7362 When the right opportunity comes and at the right price, we will look at increasing our investment in LATAM,
7363 a set of linked freedoms,
7364 Under this Act, whether citizenship will be given or not will be decided after ascertaining the religion of a person. This definitely is not in tune with the constitution. Such an Act should not have been passed in the first place,
7365 Knowledge generates many different types of rewards
7366 Sen... rejected the narrow argument of measuring growth only by means of GDP, and broadened the development measurement from promoting economic growth to `expanding people's capabilities' . He argued that the ultimate goal of development should focus on the individual's freedom of choices, i.e. to improve the `capabilities' of individuals to choose to live lives that they have reason to value.
7367 And working with wood and the tools that craftsmen used hundreds of years ago all my life has made me a very rich man indeed.
7368 supporters who have paid in advance for general admission tickets or matchday VIP packages for the games that could be impacted this season
7369 Everyone wants to get the economy back and going again,
7370 They need to breathe into a brown paper bag a bit, think it through clearly. This is no time to abandon the free market with government interference.
7371 Inclusion is very important to me -- it's not just like this word I like to throw around. I genuinely believe all people should be valued -- all people should feel included.
7372 is not in the right ballpark.
7373 That's what we're aspiring to -- something bigger than what we've been doing, but I haven't lost faith in what (Pistons coach Dwane Casey) is doing and how we're developing the players and our future.
7374 Andre is going to have to make his choice -- I mean Andre is a great player,
7375 The new agreement is another step forward for Puerto Rico, one that gets the island much closer to ending bankruptcy and to the beginning of a true economic recovery,
7376 The point is not to refrain from consuming more and more, but to consume less and less -- there is no other way.
7377 We are committed to raising funds to help local charities and organisations provide a service for those in our community. What better way to help than to look at our young people and help them with equipment and activities at their schools.
7378 came from human problems, monetary and financial shocks. This is has some of the same feel, some of the feel of panic, some of the feel of volatility that you're talking about. It's much closer to a major snowstorm or a natural disaster than a classic 1930  s-style depression.
7379 Low interest rates are not - and I know some of you will be skeptical-but it's just a fact that low interest rates around the world are not primarily a monetary policy phenomenon. Interest-rates around the world have been declining since the eighties. And if you look at the 10-year Treasury yield since 1980 from then till now - 40 years-it looks like a ski slope. The rate just keeps coming down and down and down. And as I've talked about before, I think what we have in the world now is a global savings glut. Longer life spans, rising incomes and for a variety of reasons there's a lot of savings in the world. Any asset manager will tell you that - and it's hard to find good uses for that money-hard to find good capital projects. Even when monetary policy is at a normal level - and we got pretty close to a normal level when the Fed was raising rates earlier-interest-rates are going to be much lower than in the past. So low interest rates are something we're going to have to live with for a while very likely. And we have to be very alert about financial risk. The Fed is looking at that at much more detail than we used to. But, again, it's not a monetary policy thing. It's a long-term trend.
7380 we do not expect significant spillovers to the rest of the economy or to the financial system.
7381 call for aggressive and preemptive action early on to nip them in the bud.
7382 looking at at much more detail
7383 We have a hard road ahead, but I'm pretty pleased overall with the fiscal and monetary responses we've seen. We're going to need more.
7384 It's really for the people of Brazil to decide if they value the rainforests or not.
7385 Jean-Michel is nothing short of a living legend, and tales of his seagoing adventures are sure to leave you awestruck and inspired.
7386 People were approaching me all the time wanting to buy the company. They would always assure me that they were going keep all my employees, not to worry. Everybody'll have a job. Well, I wasn't born yesterday. I know better than that. I had 13 people who put their lives into this company, and I wasn't going to have them out in the street,
7387 The Singularity in Our Past Light-Cone
7388 This is the challenge I am making to the people in Bucks County,
7389 Women learn that when we speak up for ourselves, we're less likeable. But Prince Charming has no horse. We need to walk into our futures on our own two feet,
7390 Great Teen Vogue piece about five incredible women protecting elections on Facebook. Since 2016, we've worked to stop the spread of misinformation, fight foreign interference and voter suppression, improve transparency, and encourage people to vote. There's more to do and I'm so grateful we have this team -- and hundreds of people across the company -- working every single day to do it.
7391 If you can't use their services now, you can pay now, give them the cash and do it later.
7392 five incredible women protecting elections
7393 a Chinese company, if people are concerned about data I think there's a lot to be concerned about there.
7394 I meet an amazing young woman. We talk about her career and goals. She's full of plans and energy,
7395 Women get judged much more harshly. Men date sooner, men date more, and women get judged more. And, you know, obviously that's super unfair,
7396 The COVID-19 pandemic has hit small businesses everywhere,
7397 big, bold and brave package
7398 Isolating cases and quarantining contacts is not going to stop this virus.
7399 We should probably hook up with some economic modelers and try to factor that in,
7400 It doesn't take much data to swing it one way or the other and the next few [ MPC ] meetings are absolutely live,
7401 It was bigger than I expected before I did the calculation,
7402 One month could wipe out 10 years of progress,
7403 Exxon was most valuable company in the world, not Amazon or Apple or Microsoft.
7404 I don't think [ the Fed ] would have done this unless they felt the financial markets were at significant risk of freezing up tomorrow. They're very concerned the financial markets won't work. So I don't know how the markets take solace in this,
7405 COVID-19 is way off script.
7406 If you need that retirement money, then cash might not be such a bad idea for a while,
7407 Abstracting from the vagaries of the data, underlying job growth is close to 125,000 per month,
7408 To address the financial crisis, the Treasury is going to have to do more work and provide a facility to provide funding to all businesses. That's the only way to address the liquidity crisis that's looming.
7409 This revision is well-anticipated so likely won't impact financial markets, but it may change perceptions regarding the strength of the labour market.
7410 At some point down the road, it's going to be something that's going to weigh very heavily on the economy. It's corrosive. It's going to wear down the economy over time.
7411 Markets will be highly responsive to the flow of economic data, now that the MPC's next few meetings are `live' ,
7412 I hadn't seen that article. I'm afraid that journalist has never been a stickler for accuracy.
7413 How many of those assets that exist today are actually going to be stranded?
7414 far too slow to stop investing in fossil fuels.
7415 I was there in 2008, I was part of the co-ordinated interest rate cut, along with the Bank of England and effectively the G10 at the time and let me tell you: we did that to get to the weekend,
7416 What we want to avoid is a permanent impact on the capacity of this economy -- we don't want viable businesses to go out of business because of the very necessary steps that need to be taken to protect the British public,
7417 examining the case for a brown-penalising factor
7418 Sanitizers, which are one of the key tools of protection against the coronavirus, are in short supply all over the world. In light of the worsening pandemic situation we have, in coordination with the Hungarian government, decided to put a production line at one of our plants in the service of offering protection against the virus. Extraordinary circumstances require extraordinary solutions. We have made the switch at the plant, obtained the necessary approvals and optimized production processes in only two weeks, a record time. We truly hope that the hand sanitizer manufactured at the Almsfzit plant will be a meaningful contribution to the fight against the virus. I would like to thank my colleagues at MOL Lub for their exceptional efforts. This is another example of the dedication of MOL colleagues to the security and energy supply of Hungary. As long as MOL operates, Hungary also operates. We have a responsibility to ensure the continuity of energy production, refining, shipping and trading at all costs -- even in the most difficult of times and often by making sacrifices. But these sacrifices will always be made by MOL
7419 The hope is for price appreciation to slow in line with wage growth, which is about 3%.
7420 The decline in confidence related to the direction of the economy coupled with the unprecedented measures taken to combat the spread of COVID-19, including major social distancing efforts nationwide, are naturally bringing an abundance of caution among buyers and sellers,
7421 If these factors are sustained in 2020, we will see a notable pick up in home sales in 2020.
7422 Housing, just like most other industries, suffered from the coronavirus crisis, but once this predicament is behind us and the habit of social distancing is respected, I'm encouraged there will be continued home transactions though, with more virtual tours, electronic signatures, and external home appraisals. Many of the home sales that are likely to be missed during the first part of 2020 may simply be pushed into late summer and autumn parts of the year,
7423 What I end up asking people to do is feel the fullness of who they are,
7424 But you really can't shut down the global economy for six months and expect anything to continue,
7425 If that happens you   re looking at one of the biggest negative jobs numbers that we   ve ever seen,
7426 And so the question is just like, if we don't make any progress on the virus, then they're going to have to figure something out to get people back to work.
7427 leaders in collaborative activities to shape global, regional and industry agendas
7428 the only candidate who can defeat Trump.
7429 The period during which the country grew at high GDP growth rates like nine per cent, the exports-to-GDP ratio was20 per cent. But now with developed countries resorting to protectionism and after the collapse of the WTO, contribution of exports to GDP in a large way does not seem possible
7430 were backed by sophisticated data systems that showed they got results.
7431 Critical Episodes in the Growth of Government,
7432 Her experience as a senior minister, her globally recognized credentials as an economist and researcher, along with her extensive leadership experience and engagement in key international forums on important development issues, will greatly benefit our urgent work at the World Bank Group in support of broad-based growth and poverty reduction,
7433 We are helping unlock constraints faced by women. There's still much to do and everyone can play a role.
7434 There will be a lowering of forecasts for at least the first part of 2020, in part due to the China [ outbreak ], in part due to the supply chains,
7435 growing health concerns related to the virus.
7436 We are working to strengthen (the) developing nations' ability to respond to the Covid-19 pandemic and shorten the time to economic and social recovery. The poorest and most vulnerable countries will likely be hit the hardest, and our teams around the world remain focused on country-level and regional solutions to address the ongoing crisis,
7437 message to Victorians is clear -- stay home
7438 Victoria is a natural home for big sporting events and we're proud to be hosting another world championship in what already is a massive year for the state,
7439 The days and nights that these groups spend in regional communities will be warmly welcomed and the money that they spend will make a massive difference to the economies of those towns.
7440 Most of my friends agreed with Sanjeev. They felt the Dr. Singh had for too long accepted the constraints under which he had to operate and this had tarnished his reputation. The rubbishing of the ordinance was seen as demeaning the office of the Prime Minister and justified resigning on principle. I did not agree,
7441 The strength of India depends upon a perception that there is a broad consensus on what is good policy,
7442 The voice of the youth is unlikely to be silenced easily. In any society, students and the youth are the ones most likely to speak truth to power if only because they have the least to lose and the most to gain,
7443 our data set has considerably more spatial resolution,
7444 really meaningful part of wage growth for low-wage workers,
7445 what kinds of regulating and deregulating are they [ the administration ] doing? Is it actually good for the American people? The answer is a huge no
7446 Research to date has focused on blunt force head trauma and/or blast exposure resulting in concussion: i.e., loss of consciousness less than twenty minutes or alterations of consciousness such as `seeing stars' or having one's `bell rung,
7447 We will actively participate in international cooperation in response to challenges posed by the complex situation.
7448 What are you seeing that the market isn't?
7449 Who was behind this violence, we all know very well. I make a direct charge that HRD Minister and the Home Minister are responsible for the incident. This is nothing but an officially sponsored `goondaism' . 72 hours have passed and Delhi Police knows who should be arrested but no arrest has been made so far in this regard. This is negligence, but a deliberate negligence,
7450 The entire Budget hinges around Rs 2.10 lakh crore from disinvestment and a massive privatisation of LIC and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd and depends upon foreign investment,
7451 As somebody who has been associated with the power sector for almost three decades including as minister, the call to go dark for 9 min at 9 pm on the 5th can have deep impact on the grid and its stability. I sincerely hope this is being properly managed,
7452 In the last five months, no meaningful political activity has taken place in Jammu and Kashmir. Political tourism of taking envoys to Jammu and Kashmir should stop,
7453 But you haven't done anything really to direct your organization to be a positive contributor to the energy transition that the world has to go through.
7454 What does divestment get you? What you get is, you get a headline,
7455 If the outbreak could be contained in the very near future, the impact would not be severe. But what if it were to prolong?
7456 Underlying inflation is expected to be broadly stable, reflecting the continued expansion in economic activity and the absence of strong demand pressures,
7457 If they do, I will go to court. They know that too,
7458 The file is on the Home Minister Amit Shah's table and soon they will lose their citizenship.
7459 You want a growth rate of 10 percent, so the investment rate to GDP should be 37 percent and 3.7 percent should be your efficiency factor and not five percent as it is today,
7460 My concern is that the minority institutions' autonomy may be, in the future, in jeopardy. I am very worried that your autonomy, your independence, starting with this approach -- I hope (it) will not be affected. Because once your autonomy and independence is affected, what you produced for society will not get produced. It will all get standardised into some other agenda. That really worries me,
7461 we're probably going to have a second quarter growth rate that is double-digit negative.
7462 But in fact, some of the most high-profile blackouts in recent times took place during periods of low demand,
7463 The main driver is gas use for industry: food processing, textiles, fertilizers -- they are the drivers,
7464 Within 10 years, these low-carbon fuels would need to account for around 15 per cent of overall investment in fuel supply if the world is to get on course to tackle climate change,
7465 From Basel III to European banking regulation
7466 Given the current projections, it is already clear that the ceremony and activities must be postponed. It saddens me that our community will not be together for this important milestone this spring,
7467 neither large nor rapid enough.
7468 The Democratic field is poor, but Trump is dead. Quote me on that!
7469 The week will start with US and global equities down another 2% to 3%, credit spreads blowing up especially for high-yield & credit markets seized and frozen, 10-year Treasury yields even lower, and oil prices sharply down,
7470 falls more than risky assets during risk-off.
7471 The concept of capturing biomass-based carbon dioxide for the production of new end products is a good fit with our mission. Achieving climate targets calls for new solutions and verifying them with the whole value chain, and the BECCU project is ideally suited for this.
7472 The growth of the 905 is actually happening in the 519 and 705. This has consequences
7473 We can also now brag that it delivers the worst health of any rich country.
7474 Economists long thought that the ratio of wages to profits was an immutable constant, about two to one,
7475 opioids have never been unleashed in the UK the way they have been in the US. So it's a much more muted crisis.
7476 I guess you could say I believe in taking blessings when they are offered,
7477 they are the basis for the rituals, customs and routines of working-class life. Destroy work and, in the end, working-class life cannot survive.
7478 We're very supportive of national legislation on privacy, similar to [ General Data Protection Regulation ] in Europe, and our view is that something that makes it really clear that there are standards that are being applied makes sense,
7479 Even in the best-case scenario of a low-severity impact, the economic fallout is going to be enormous and countries need to work together to limit the potential damage as much as possible,
7480 Leap years are unnecessary -- they only cause logistical headaches,
7481 money grows on trees in 2020.
7482 The idea is to have no layoffs or company closures, so that when the coronavirus is finally under control the economy can start right back up.
7483 they do not enjoy being managed by me.
7484 They were considered one of the better managed authorities in the nation,
7485 Full-time working from home is very isolating, so we could potentially see a rise of mental-health issues around depression if large number of employees are forced to work from home for extended periods, particularly single and younger employees,
7486 the long run impact would be large -- typically motivation, creativity and new ideas come from group involvement.
7487 To some extent we are now seeing the long-term consequences of turning a blind eye to these matters. As an authoritarian regime whose GDP has increased nearly 8 times in size since the SARS epidemic of 2002-4, China's lack of transparency, combined with this growth, may well have contributed to the fact that this epidemic has gotten so out of control. To this date, we cannot really be sure that China's public health data on how well they are containing this coronavirus are accurate.
7488 We'll keep revisiting that as the year goes on.
7489 following a business career in Mexico and a wartime stint as economic director of southwest Iran,
7490 Japanese Government supports the people of Pakistan in these trying times and is ready to offer its expertise and any sort of assistance to the government of Pakistan, if the situation so requires,
7491 Why? Because it was be very dangerous for Pakistan.
7492 give a plan that is simple and implementable to meet desired objectives
7493 China and other brotherly countries have supported Pakistan throughout the process in terms of guiding the country to improve its frameworks,
7494 This sum [ of additional money ] is separate from the current programme
7495 The one who was scared because they thought they were alone
7496 We can't put our heads in the sand and pretend there's no cost.
7497 What this will do is connect us all-our stretch of rail trail, to NSW,
7498 and not return to residence halls
7499 Residents are being asked to take essential belongings, academic materials, laptops and medications with them for Spring Break and not return to residence halls following Spring Break through at least April 10. We hope that students will return to their permanent residence and complete their coursework remotely. Follow-up communication will be sent by University Housing to all affected residents shortly.
7500 If indeed we find that there are no more cases in Madison, that there's little evidence of spread in this area, the likelihood that at that we would reopen the university to normal operations is quite high. We'll simply have to see where we are.
7501 change the quality of instruction,
7502 In case of more attacks, oil supplies will be interrupted. One needs to look at both Iran and Iraq for possible oil supply disruptions,
7503 China represents an incredible supply point for almost every imaginable product. If this is broken, a lot of companies are going to be in trouble,
7504 The doctors made detailed treatment plan, and told us all the possible scenarios that could happen. With the efforts of the Chinese doctors, my daughter made it. Now, she is just as healthy as other children. Chinese doctors are really amazing,
7505 This was due to companies' more pessimistic outlook for the coming months. In contrast, the indicator of the current situation rose slightly. The German economy is starting the year in a cautious mood.
7506 world issue, with ripples through many countries and many economies, then that's different type of event than as I understand it to be today
7507 Griffiths could have caused real harm to Sam Woods when he stamped on him. Morelos would got a red card for the same thing.
7508 There are extreme liquidity issues in the market and credit markets have been in extreme stress since last Thursday so while the Fed is trying to calm down the market, these measures won't be enough,
7509 During the last recession, CFOs could genuinely say that their lack of planning was a result of a sharp downturn that was a surprise to most,
7510 There is nothing else left to do on the monetary side. No one should expect that the monetary stimulus will fix things,
7511 This crisis is more likely to accelerate decoupling than to lead to better cooperation,
7512 This problem is likely to grow if more people become ill. So, while we might have the food supply available, will we have the workers to get it to us?
7513 is more fragile than we think it is,
7514 We are still going to get a series of horrible economic numbers and that will send more flows into the dollar, even given possible quarter-end rebalancing effects,
7515 We really want to know in detail the properties of the Higgs boson to learn about the nature of the dark matter,
7516 We spend a lot on marketing. There's probably some money that can be cut out of marketing,
7517 A stroke can also be treated with a special procedure that extracts the clots or places a stent to support the vessel wall. Optimal treatment also includes control of risk factors like blood pressure and cholesterol.
7518 If your money was deposited in something and you saw it losing, for sure, all the time, it would just be painful,
7519 It's not that a recession causes people to become climate deniers. It's that they get distracted from long-term issues,
7520 We walk the customer through the recommended upgrades, discuss the benefits and evaluate other alternatives. A proposal we issue contains the equipment that will be changed and the associated costs, along with the estimated energy usage and energy bill savings.
7521 It's phenomenally important for people to return to social life after `social distancing' ends, but we can do that based on new priorities -- socialising and enjoying arts and music locally or through livestreams, and letting go of 20th century visions of the future based on unlimited growth, unlimited travel, and unlimited consumption.
7522 Warnings that the capital markets aren't functioning properly are everywhere,
7523 This requires a rethink of what governments are for: rather than simply fixing market failures when they arise, they should move towards actively shaping and creating markets that deliver sustainable and inclusive growth. They should also ensure that partnerships with business involving government funds are driven by public interest, not profit.
7524 The trigger is really the rate of interest and how it hits people.
7525 The accelerating insolvency rate is a symptom of a bigger problem: many who have amassed unmanageable debts have no path out,
7526 The U.S. economic outlook has never been more stable than it is at the moment.
7527 Is this a Fed where there is broad agreement?
7528 There is no indication that there was any damage to the park.
7529 You'll hear a theme here, many of our responses start with `we don't have good data,
7530 Credit flow is important for recovery
7531 In dozens of examples, banks asked if Saba would make a price so the banks could act as agent instead of principal,
7532 I've worked with him once before when he turned me into a zombie for the `Look What You Made Me Do' music video.
7533 psilocybin-assisted therapy appears to both work rapidly and have a sustained benefit for years. If other studies support that, the implication is potentially huge for cancer patients.
7534 He's been one of the fiercest competitors there is and we're at the stage with the Dolphins trying to really build a team for the future.
7535 Likewise, I bet there are a lot of Australians who probably don't remember what happened in every NBA game or Major League Baseball game last year.
7536 The amount of employment in the economy is going through the floor. And the deficit in that context... it's almost a non sequitur. That's not the sort of thing you should worry about,
7537 the recession curve deeper,
7538 the shock's impact is expected to be concentrated next quarter,
7539 You are going to see in the next two months the consequences of the actions taken in terms of economic activity. That set of trade-offs is not really clear in policy makers' minds right now.
7540 I believe that what we see in front of us is not only an investment in the short term, it is a long-term investment that will reap long-term rewards. Not just in our educational outcomes, but in our economic productivity moving forward.
7541 to Members of the General Assembly and the Public
7542 The imports may be good news for Baltimore in the short term, and we should be happy about that. But it won't make a difference for the industry long term. What's here to stay is climate change. Both business and government need to come up with solutions because this will get worse and worse.
7543 Capacity is a real problem. Can they deliver? There was drought in Mexico. Can they supply enough? There are a lot of moving parts, and overall it's not a great situation.
7544 This means more scarcities of vital medical needs and supplies, and more deaths.
7545 greatly misled the media and the public
7546 AGRI3 and similar land use facilities, catalyzed with the support of UNEP, are the cornerstone of the financial architecture for deforestation-free and nature-positive agriculture,
7547 And the phone caller tune message is ridiculously insufficient. We should be spreading information in every possible language through a variety of mediums.
7548 But that's how science makes progress.
7549 For example, workers may want not be willing to sacrifice already low wages for higher health care prices that don't reflect better health care.
7550 I thought he was going to bite my finger off,
7551 The architect will charge you up to 20 percent of the construction costs if it's just a cookie-cutter. If it's going to be more trips to the city to fight exceptions and the city's rules, they are going to charge more,
7552 I'm picking September 1st as the first day normality begins to resume, the day that schools and universities are on their way being reopened. Restrictions are effectively gone, other than travel to some countries. People are still sick, but the ICU system is not overwhelmed. The virus will be in its last stages.
7553 That is a difference between us and AT&T or Verizon of around $120 billion and we have just as many customers and twice as much spectrum.
7554 The Kent Spitfires are definitely going places in white-ball cricket.
7555 We need to tackle the emergency but we need to think about livelihoods and the long-term.
7556 Well, I'd make a couple points,
7557 Coronavirus has hit almost every industry.
7558 If you are trying to get to 3% in an economy in its 11th year of recovery that's a tough task,
7559 Even if you had unlimited time, if the two sides hold on to their current positions, the choice is really between a pretty limited deal and no deal at all.
7560 less like it will make a decisive turn towards restricting immigration
7561 In the near-term, we expect subscriber growth to come primarily from outside the U.S., with the next meaningful phase of domestic subscriber growth likely to coincide with the release later this calendar year of highly anticipated original content, including episodic series from Marvel and season two of `The Mandalorian,
7562 As such, the outbreak should not directly affect the longer-term viability and productive potential of most businesses or of the as a whole.
7563 If Britain is to become the global player Boris Johnson wants it to be, then it has to engage more strategically in the Asia-Pacific,
7564 Their power comes from their emotional punch. It gets in under the reason and the rationality and it speaks to the heart,
7565 In Ethiopia, we're currently preparing a $45-million project in support of the government of Ethiopia's bold Seqota Declaration to eradicate the underlying causes of chronic under-nutrition and end stunting among children under five years by 2030,
7566 Nigeria is the largest shareholder of AfDB. There is still much to do, there are still lots of challenges as we all know. I know I cannot do much unless I get a second term as president of the AfDB. I want to say that once again Nigeria has given me air in my lungs,
7567 The Big Problem New Retirees Run Into,
7568 The vice chancellor's secretary called up the principal of Vidya Bhavana [ of which the department is a part ] and told him to `withhold' the lecture. Nothing was given in writing. It is becoming a practice now for orders to be issued orally,
7569 there is no credible evidence of a deterrent effect of firearms.
7570 There is no doubt that India has turned protectionist during the last two to three years,
7571 We've not had this kind of natural catastrophe on a global scale ever.
7572 College Football Prospects Actually Signing on Signing Day? That's So 2017,
7573 denying a life saving technology to literally billions of people,
7574 In dealing with coronavirus, the minister of health is involved. Would the minister of health be involved with Wet's uwet' en? Probably not,
7575 Momentum is growing at an incredible pace,
7576 They are not out of tools, but they've used the biggest tool they have, the interest rate tool, the one that's been proven over the years to work the most effectively.
7577 What happens to 2020 as a whole really depends on how quickly the episode is brought under control.
7578 The initial improvement was mostly policy-driven, but the greater optimism of the past week seems to be at least partly related to the virus itself.
7579 these shutdowns and rising public anxiety about the virus are likely to lead to a sharp deterioration in economic activity in the rest of March and throughout April,
7580 It's a step in the right direction, but so far the facilities are relatively small,
7581 Against the advice of advisers, he made sure [ auto ] factories didn't shut down in the financial crisis and he saved many jobs across the Midwest.
7582 If it is like ordinary flu, then (the) economy should quickly recover. COVID-19 only threatens old and feeble economic expansions,
7583 To wish that the number of foreign job aspirants should be decreased on the one hand and expect remittances to increase is not logical. So our efforts should be to bring the remittances sent by the people on foreign employment through banking channel. We still need to keep the economy dynamic and functional even when the remittance is declining.
7584 we have to be open to the possibility that the view of markets is more in line with the fundamentals from the policymakers' point of view.
7585 We will gather information from territorial local authorities, government departments, Crown entities, State-owned enterprises and other infrastructure providers.
7586 We're going to have to proceed slowly, in terms of opening up the economy again. And we're going to have some setbacks,
7587 You can carry out and order ahead of time, but if you dine in and you have little ones, they can come to our youth center on the other side of the building.
7588 Banks' concern about liability could cause them to restrict the loans they initiate and engage in due diligence that could slow down payments,
7589 Even under current conditions, I think we can afford to increase federal spending or cut taxes to stimulate the economy if there's a downturn,
7590 Bill! Bill! There's 25 police officers here raiding the office. What should I do?
7591 I look at it and say, `It may be the battery that's driving the business, but it's jet fuel that's driving the stock.' And it just feels like 20 years ago. For those of us who've been around a while, the late '90s saw a lot of that kind of action, and it's really fun to watch. I can't imagine owning the stock right now just because what do you [ do ]? I mean, who knows? It's so wild. And this is what makes markets great, because, at the end of the day, it's about buyers and sellers. And the shorts... can sit there and give you 100 pages of good data why the stock is overpriced, and in the short run, it doesn't make any difference because there's a lot of enthusiasm.... You look at this and go, `This is obviously an extraordinarily well-discovered stock.' It's an incredibly high-priced stock and it has fans who just support it. It's a cult-like situation, and Wall Street gets these from time to time. And you know what happens at the end. Eventually, it does come back down to something realistic, but when does that happen? It doesn't happen until a lot of people have been burnt to a crisp.
7592 I won't be running [ for council ] again so it's only for six months, but I'll certainly try to balance and give due difference to both roles, and if I find it too difficult to do that, then I'll have to review my decision,
7593 If the crisis is badly managed and it's viewed as having been insufficient to help people, you could end up with social unrest,
7594 It is very likely that this year the global economy will experience its worst recession since the Great Depression, surpassing that seen during the financial crisis a decade ago. The Great Lockdown, as one might call it, is projected to shrink global growth dramatically.
7595 To support needed spending in developing countries, bilateral creditors and international financial institutions should provide concessional financing, grants, and debt relief,
7596 In a way, monetary policy might be the right way to go at that, for example, loan programs for specific sectors of the economy.
7597 most of the people working in Terra Firma were only there for the money
7598 So, here you have corporations involved in brainwashing, in distorting the information field, involved in adversely programming their computers to prescribe opioids to patients for profit, even though it's killing more people than we lost in Vietnam,
7599 They [ central banks -- Ed. ] can kind of restrain people from having access to their capital but that's all the kind of techniques that we saw before the bitcoin.
7600 Suppose you had huge fees on your bank account because of a very negative interest rate. At some point it becomes worth it to build a vault in your basement and just keep your money there -- or more practically, divert funds to other forms of intermediation,
7601 The Bungalow family is saddened by the effect of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) on our local community and in the world. As a locally owned and operated establishment, there is nothing more important to us than the health of our customers, our employees and our community. Due to the recent developments with COVID-19, it is with a heavy heart that we have made the decision to close our restaurant for two weeks effective March 17. During this evolving pandemic it is important that we continue to align with what is best for the well-being of our community, patrons and staff. As this is a rapidly revolving situation, this may be revised or extended at any time. Until then, let's support each other and our community. The Bungalow family is grateful for your mindfulness and wishes you continued health and wellness during this sensitive time.
7602 It's kind of shocking to hear but doesn't particularly surprise me.
7603 They all fly the foreign flag of convenience,
7604 you make sure your wishes would be carried out as you would have wanted, instead of being determined by standard rules that may not be aligned with what you would have wanted
7605 Without a will, the law decides who gets everything you own.
7606 You only trade a veteran when you know you have somebody who can take that guy's place,
7607 a touchy feely person, quite tactile
7608 I have never attempted to have a non-consensual sexual relationship with anyone during my entire life.
7609 We are now in competition with the rest of the world... and other people have already bought up a lot of stock.
7610 I have filed a petition against the government in the Lahore High Court today which is expected to be taken up on Monday.
7611 It is not a risk that we have quantified yet. We will monitor what happens with the global coordinated responses,
7612 So the new IR35 framework from April was always set to roll out despite such severe issues of implementation. It would be more sensible to wait until 2021; for HMRC's sake too.
7613 My advice to other disabled people would be to concentrate on things your disability doesn't prevent you from doing well and don't regret the things it does interfere with. Don't be disabled in spirit as well as physically.
7614 The arrival of climate change much sooner than people expected will render the debate about the discount rate largely irrelevant. Climate change is happening now.
7615 We are very humble when we make this forecast,
7616 And this we are prepared to do.
7617 I worry about a crisis, again not today, not even within our 10 years,
7618 Other people near you can inhale them. They can get them on their hands. They can land on their tray tables.
7619 Recognise all of humanity as one.
7620 This is about a slowing economy and uncertainty about how a virus will play out.
7621 We need to make inroads. I think we need to (take up) constructive measures, find ways of taking this up in the community as well as in the larger Christian community,
7622 We've had the benefit of a nice start to the winter that allowed all of the underground work to get done,
7623 COVID -19 is turning out to be a remarkably intelligent evolutionary adversary,
7624 the global food system...
7625 The survey captures only the start of the lockdown, which we expect soon to cover almost the whole country,
7626 The value of it is that this report gives us kind of a benchmark of where we were before things began to go wrong.
7627 If the recent pace continues through the end of the week, California alone could report 400,000 claims for the week, and the national total would be on course for 3 million,
7628 This is just a malicious attempt to get someone killed, so that @RandPaul can combine his hatred of the intelligence community with a nice opportunity to suck up to Donald Trump,
7629 We lack a grand narrative of our roots, and thus of our future.
7630 As we have previously said, we are very concerned about Xerox's aggressive and rushed tactics, and any process that is not based on full information is a threat to our shareholders,
7631 Shabnur made a name for herself by acting in films. What else has she got? Does she even have a decent family? We all are aware of the pitiful social status of film stars in our country,
7632 Take a closer look at that chart,
7633 Their job will be made much harder by trying to put together various sources that may be a little bit less reliable in one particular quarter or come in later than they normally do because of disruptions,
7634 Right around those turning points, the model, not surprisingly, doesn't do that well,
7635 I am pleased that Blue Ridge Designs, LLC will bring a significant number of new job opportunities to Carroll County,
7636 I hope they [ Works Ministry ] followed the terms of reference
7637 If we start to take measures such as that, which will have a huge social and economic impact which the evidence is that they are going to have limited benefit, then really we should not be making those interventions.
7638 Since the ruling party is the only authority to make these appointments, can this party say, `I thought they were honest,' when placing this terrorist organization's members into the state?
7639 Citizens ask `You are in power for 17 years and collecting an earthquake tax. What have you done to prevent earthquakes? '
7640 So it is quite unprecedented.
7641 so that there may be a higher base of firearms owners in the years to come.
7642 We have created a framework for bond stabilisation to calm the market, while Bank Indonesia also bought government bonds in the secondary market. This will prevent excessive profit-taking and speculation during this unusual situation.
7643 Competition now is strong,
7644 Crisis Means a New Business Era.
7645 culture through a philosophical lens -- a search for truth, beauty and meaning
7646 High fee of an MF does not matter if its past performance has been good.
7647 Over the weekend, I learned of a cafe in San Francisco that requires you to download an app to access the `restroom' . Appropriately enough, the app is called Good2Go. Meanwhile, in Chengdu (China), you need the ubiquitous WeChat app to acquire a ration of toilet paper. Perhaps they should rename it to WeeChat?
7648 Several have done so without following the standard, responsible practice of first speaking with Edelweiss. Had they done so, you would have been presented with both sides of the story, equally and fairly. We are, therefore, compelled to take appropriate legal action against the concerned media group, in order to protect and reinforce the reputation of Edelweiss
7649 We expect minimal impact from the virus in the quarter, given that much of the subscription revenue is already contracted,
7650 difficult decisions about stores and about jobs
7651 It's still a valuable finding.
7652 Officers from South Sydney Police Area Command were notified and commenced an investigation.
7653 ought to be made a Government-wide requirement for all the administration.
7654 The real question is whether a change in interest rates from negative to zero has an impact on inflation and economic growth.
7655 [ New Zealand and Japan ] share some common issues -- having a lot of islands to manage but also potential competition over resources surrounding their areas.
7656 it is a governmental responsibility to maintain the value of the currency they issue. And when they fail to do that, it is something that undermines an essential trust in government.
7657 The example where you provide money to an airline with very few conditions around it and no visibility on how that money is returned to the taxpayer is going to be quite controversial,
7658 Usually the shocks aren't quite this dramatic,
7659 It's not that those other entities aren't in place, but I think the fact is banks tend to get more nervous about deposit competition when rates are going up,
7660 not to problematic levels,
7661 All deficits are good for someone,
7662 Some are calling for a full shutdown of the-but imagine the panic if no one could sell assets. There would truly be a run on the banks. Now is not a time to panic.
7663 An entertainer can provide value to millions of people,
7664 From 00:00 local time on February 20, 2020, the passage of citizens of the People's Republic of China across the state border of the Russian Federation entering the territory of the Russian Federation for labor purposes, for private, educational and tourist purposes, is temporarily suspended,
7665 It is our endeavour to hold wide-ranging consultations with all primary stakeholders, be they State Governments, academia, civil society, industry, farmer's representatives etc,
7666 This achievement is a shared effort; the result of the hard work, commitment, and resourcefulness of the entire Colorado College community,
7667 Were you surprised by the reaction from everyone?
7668 a terrible indictment of journalism,
7669 if the on-peak to off-peak ratio is 2 to 1, but the California TOU rates have an anemic ratio of less than 1.5 to 1,
7670 Monetary policy continues to be expansive and supportive of economic activity. The Bank of Israel... has a variety of tools to support economic and financial activities in the market.
7671 the future impact of a predictable halving should already be reflected in today's price. But the market is not actually very efficient.
7672 This is the culmination of years of hard work from Jahsita,
7673 We are not yet in a position to form any such judgement, as we have no basis for knowing how long the most stringent public health measures will remain in place.
7674 Kicking Cabin Fever to the Curb
7675 something that I really don't understand when I start out.
7676 The dreams of EV makers are not going to become a reality without copper, nickel, lithium and cobalt among other metals.
7677 This was a very good decision. It enables more veterans to utilize VA loans,
7678 Foreign buyers want to see the property in person before throwing their money at it,
7679 We've been talking to regulators about whether external appraisals will be sufficient,
7680 It is too early to assess the likely impact as to whether lower interest rates can overcome the economic and health anxieties.
7681 We were already pretty good before the health care law. But a large part of our success is our first-in-the-nation health care reform, which remains the strongest in the nation,
7682 Yes Bank had given us enough notice that it has been in difficulty... so there was enough time to put together a plan.
7683 the difference between actual outcomes and budgetary estimates as a proportion of GDP
7684 Even without the virus, we were going to get weak numbers and now with the virus, we're going to get much weaker numbers. It is just a matter of time,
7685 It's one of those things we won't know for a year down the road.
7686 Do they pay down their debt, start to pull back on their hiring and investment? That will exacerbate the economic downturn,
7687 They're really stretching,
7688 They'll have to get something very large done and implemented by the start of April to forestall a downturn,
7689 The economy was already fragile before the outbreak and vulnerable to anything that did not stick to script. COVID-19 is way off script. COVID-19 came out of nowhere. It may be what economists call a black swan -- a rare and inherently unforeseeable event with severe consequences.
7690 When there's not enough credit that's lethal to the real economy.
7691 Our baseline outlook also depends on credit markets functioning reasonably well, albeit with significant support from the Federal Reserve. Liquidity in credit markets has become increasingly impaired, including the repo and commercial paper markets. If liquidity dries up, and short-term funding markets effectively close to large corporates that issue short-term debt and financial institutions that raise funds necessary for their own lending, the impact on the economy will be severe and immediate,
7692 No one's forecast has changed as a result of these arrangements,
7693 How long it takes for businesses to feel confident enough to allow their employees to get back to work and travel and for tourists to get back on planes and cruise ships... whether the collective psyche holds together,
7694 If you subtract from the weather effects, it's probably closer to 150,000, which I consider close to the underlying rate of job growth in the economy right now,
7695 First of all, these aren't your dad's celebrities and these aren't your dad's Republicans,
7696 Greenhouse gas emissions, global warming, and climate change are not only existential issues for those concerned with the future of humanity, they are also immediate concerns for financial regulators
7697 None of those are things economists expect people to do,
7698 On August 31, 2018 the Law Commission released a 185-page consultation paper, which is called Reform of Family Law. It has four chapters-marriage and divorce, custody and guardianship, adoption and maintenance, succession and inheritance. Inevitably, the chapter on marriage and divorce occupies most of the space in this report,
7699 thick dossiers of every meeting and every conversation he ever held in his life, including on his closest associates -- a method of simultaneously ensuring absolute loyalty and (not always reliable) historical posterity
7700 Among them must have been the published correspondence of Nehru and Patel which documents how Nehru wanted Patel as the `strongest pillar' of his first Cabinet. Do consult those books again.
7701 This was something I had initiated ten years ago. Cheetah which derives from the Sanskrit `chitra' (speckled) is the only mammal hunted to extinction in modern India.
7702 This is deliberate negligence,
7703 This is what Jawaharlal Nehru did. He took an uncompromising stand against all forms of communalism.
7704 On the other hand, small businessmen started losing livelihood due to new business models in e-commerce,
7705 priority should be afforded to targeted fiscal support to vulnerable households and businesses to accelerate and strengthen the recovery in 2021
7706 Business and household confidence have weakened further. Government and household consumption, and private investment, however, continue to grow, albeit modestly.
7707 Set political differences aside,
7708 There are scenarios where much more resources may be required.
7709 There remains an enormous amount of uncertainty about what will happen with the coronavirus and whether it will be contained,
7710 The world's poor are looking to the international community to show decisive leadership on debt relief, and I am confident of progress,
7711 The reason that we're going in this direction is because we think it's doable... and it can be done quickly by the official bilateral creditors,
7712 When women can move more freely, work outside the home and manage assets, they are more likely to join the workforce and help strengthen their country's economies.
7713 an improvement and a focusing of the model.
7714 to postpone large-scale events, especially those that involve international travel,
7715 This week was a critical week in the pandemic; it's become real in people's lives,
7716 But now we've already revised this number to 10.2 million. Things are changing really fast, faster than ever really.
7717 For long distances, rail is the preferred choice, it's much cheaper,
7718 becoming a completely different company
7719 We cannot point to a definitive intervention comparable to the removal of the handle on the Broad Street Pump in St. James's parish,
7720 When it comes to physical activity, anything is better than nothing.
7721 As to the case of Manhattan, I think the evidence is remarkably clear,
7722 We do know that their own reserves and domestic resources will not be sufficient. And it is in this context that our members are asking us to do more, doing better, do it faster than ever before, and do it in collaboration with the World Bank and other international financial institutions, which we fully embrace.
7723 We are living in a more risk-prone world. It is only January and there have been events that are sparking risks for the global economy,
7724 How deep the contraction and how fast the recovery depends on the speed of containment of the pandemic and on how strong and coordinated our monetary and fiscal policy actions are,
7725 There are three things we tell the countries. First-if you have cash, if you can reduce interest rates, please do so. Second, if you have fiscal space, please use it. And third, the most important-everyone can do it-structural reforms. We see that governments around the world are actually listening.
7726 And they are telling us it may get even worse, if the virus continues rounds for longer or if vaccines or treatments are slow to come around. Exceptional times requires exceptional action.
7727 not in a position to consider
7728 As far as Ukraine is concerned, we have reached a staff level agreement which stipulates the fulfillment of certain preliminary requirements. Work is ongoing and our staff continues to interact with Ukraine. Once these requirements are met, this will be a moment for us to convene our Executive Board,
7729 We have reassessed the prospects for growth for 2020 and 2021. It is now clear that we have entered a recession as bad or worse than in 2009. We do project recovery in 2021,
7730 Thank you to the Saudi Presidency for steering the G20 in this unprecedented crisis, and to all of you for the remarkable efforts to protect people and the economy. $8 trillion of fiscal measures and ample liquidity by central banks have helped build a bridge to recovery for companies and households. And you stepped up with an initiative on a time-bound suspension of debt service payments for the poorest countries. I wholeheartedly welcome this timely action.
7731 Under any scenario, global growth in 2020 will fall below last year's level,
7732 at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse.
7733 While there are a few socially responsible activists, there are many activists who don't see a humanitarian disaster of epic proportions, they see an opportunity to generate profits,
7734 get control of this company,
7735 rival the worst acquisitions in corporate history.
7736 They're not pulling out of anything,
7737 Across the board, from grocery to banquet hall, everyone we talk to, there's no one who says, `I haven't suffered, '
7738 But I am demanding and I have very high standards.
7739 The first step up to manager is the pivotal place where we need to focus. For every 100 men promoted to manager, we are promoting 70 women and 58 black women. Women are entering the workforce at the same rates, but they're not getting that first promotion.
7740 These advertisements should never have been approved.
7741 London is home to Facebook's biggest engineering hub outside the U.S. and we're committed to investing here for the long term.
7742 That permission was so important.
7743 protecting Aunt Michelle and Uncle David and Uncle Nick and Aunt Amy, because the more other people stay home, the more we protect the people who need to go out there.
7744 first had to check if the plane was ready and able to make such a lengthy journey on such short notice.
7745 had the courage to leave that man
7746 I want to make this something that is integrated and embedded into existing structures here,
7747 I was talking to him the whole time, trying to explain why this wasn't OK,
7748 the situation can change if an election changes it
7749 There is certain evidence that I would have liked to have seen led in this trial, but for a variety of reasons we were not able to do so. At some point that information, that facts and that evidence will see the light of day.
7750 putting his hand down my top and kissing my face and neck, touching my legs
7751 It would also have a further effect on the exchange rate, which would boost demand for our exports and therefore support jobs growth.
7752 it's entirely possible that one of the banks, insurers or super funds has been compromised and we simply don't know about it
7753 Our appetite, as you could probably tell from my remarks, for a zero cash rate and hence, negative interest rates on central bank reserves, is very, very limited and I don't think we're going to go there,
7754 There have been signs that the slowdown in global growth that started in 2018 is coming to an end,
7755 Together, these measures will support jobs, incomes and businesses through this difficult period and they will also assist the Australian economy in the recovery,
7756 It's more than reasonable for the biggest, richest companies in our city to pay zero-point-three percent of their revenue to do their part to address our city's crushing housing crisis.
7757 Companies here have reaped billions because Washington state has the most regressive tax system in the nation. It's time for Amazon and other major corporations to pay their fair share,
7758 I think this is bottom line political calculus,
7759 much of the damage will have been done,
7760 We could argue or dispute what the specific number is -- and might be one in 10 in some societies, versus one in five and others.
7761 One day, we're all going to wake up and realise that we're just servants. (The internet has) captured us.
7762 After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries.
7763 Stronger housing activity also means more household debt, which continues to be Canada's biggest financial system vulnerability. The good news is that with the B-20 guideline working to reduce the riskiest borrowing, we are confident that the stock of household debt is becoming less of a threat over time.
7764 When a government is making investments, it is helping the fundamental growth of the economy.
7765 Governing council will be watching closely to see if the recent slowdown in growth is more persistent than forecast,
7766 Suicide is hard to predict even in the absence of a crisis of Biblical proportions,
7767 Can't you for a change just work on something a little more cheerful?
7768 a tribute to a foreign power, but we're doing it to ourselves.
7769 there is going to be an intensive round of talks over the next few days.
7770 Of course there are many reforms still to come. Crucially, the financial assistance we announce today is absolutely conditional on these reforms being implemented. This is not a bail-out by any standard.
7771 It doesn't mean anything like that,
7772 critical change in the mood music
7773 to meet the conditions set by the US administration to remove Sudan from the list of state sponsors of terrorism in order to normalize relations with the United States and the rest of the world.
7774 would need to be very carefully designed if it were to be introduced
7775 It's early days but there are several initiatives -- the budget will be telling -- that suggest that some of these opportunities are being grasped,
7776 I feel that there is an element of something that is fundamentally positive which is the advent of machine learning, big data, the reorganization of the economy that comes with really breakthrough technologies,
7777 With the relatively limited space to cut Bank rate, if evidence builds that the weakness in activity could persist, risk management considerations would favour a relatively prompt response,
7778 There's just a conceptual challenge with not being there. Those risks will just grow with time.
7779 We've also asked the FCA to look at this behaviour of market participants relative to their responsibilities under both the FX code and the Money Markets code, so... do you have advantaged information, are you knowingly using advantaged information, if I can put it that way.
7780 ... changes in climate policies, new technologies and growing physical risks will prompt reassessments of the values of virtually every financial asset. Firms that align their business models to the transition to a net zero world will be rewarded handsomely. Those that fail to adapt will cease to exist. The longer that meaningful adjustment is delayed, the greater the disruption will be.
7781 We're confident that collectively these measures, both within jurisdictions and across jurisdictions, will be both powerful and timely.
7782 There are arguments for the `risk management' approach advocated by Charles Evans among others to minimize the risks of hitting the effective lower bound,
7783 If you lease it in California, you'd pay a 9% sales tax just on the monthly payments,
7784 It was one of those moments where you just get a river in your valley and your palms go clammy.
7785 It was a nice coincidence, to say the least, that I began there when I started out,
7786 NATO allies provide support for Turkey today. We augment their air defenses, we have AWACS planes helping to patrol the skies and we also have port visits and provide support in other ways,
7787 We share concern about Iran's missile tests, and we are united in condemning Iran's support for a variety of different terrorist groups,
7788 We have to remember that we have a European nuclear deterrent today -- 28 allies deliver that every day and it's not only a promise, but it's something that has been there for decades,
7789 The aim of our presence in Afghanistan is to send the message to the Taliban that they will never win on the battlefield, but they have to sit down and make real compromises around the negotiating table,
7790 Our Allies Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia are marking the 30th anniversary of their freedom. They made the sovereign choice to join NATO and, at their invitation, some of the exercise activity will be held on their territory.
7791 We urge all political forces in Afghanistan to find an inclusive solution and to make sure that they are able to implement the agreement with the Taliban,
7792 agreed in principle to enhance
7793 will consider what more NATO can do in the wider region to build long-term stability and security.
7794 Our results were driven by ongoing strength in Search, YouTube and Google Cloud, offset by a decline in hardware revenues
7795 Sidewalk is continuing their discussion with (project partner) Waterfront Toronto and if it makes sense, we are very much still focused on Google's Canadian headquarters being there, so both can happen.
7796 We are leaning into investing for long-term growth,
7797 Given our position as a challenger, we're investing aggressively, focused on building out our go-to-market capabilities, executing against our product roadmap and extending the global footprint of our global infrastructure focused on 21 markets and six industries.
7798 Practices and patterns of behavior that are widespread in the profession are harming the progress of minorities.
7799 impossible to know how deep and long the recession will be. It depends on the public health response,
7800 Frankly, it's impossible to know at this point how deep the recession will be. It depends critically on how long the period of social distancing lasts,
7801 Starting in 1996, the U.S. government started to produce damage estimates for each tropical cyclone in a consistent manner,
7802 Forested wetlands tend to be better at reducing wind speed and marshes tend to be better at absorbing water,
7803 A storm track moving a couple of kilometers one direction or the other allows the amount of wetland protection to vary within the same county.
7804 Structural reforms in China's economy just did not make the final cut
7805 In addition to protecting communities, the Chemical Safety Board also plays a vital role in protecting workers,
7806 Just 60 days ago, the Trump administration proposed a rule that would fundamentally change the NEPA regulations for the first time in its history.
7807 I have been informed by multiple sources that EPA political officials appear to be trying to conceal EPA comments that are critical of the draft final Safer Affordable Fuel-Efficient Vehicles Rule that was submitted to the White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs on Jan. 14, 2020,
7808 Rather than encouraging reliance on the `best available' data and science, this proposal would result in the suppression of scientific research and the censorship of scientists and experts,
7809 Being accepted into any one of our nation's service academies is a tremendous honor,
7810 In fact, each and every one of the president's last three budget proposals have called for the board's elimination. Fortunately, though, Congress has rightfully rejected President Trump's repeated efforts to dismantle the Chemical Safety Board.
7811 Thanks to Democrats, it's no longer the case that if one NAFTA country fails to ratify an environmental agreement it can be used to prevent the others from honoring their obligations,
7812 That would be the kind of thing that would draw serious outcry and backlash against anyone who isn't prepared to come forward with a program and an agenda to deal with a problem on a scale that is necessary.
7813 the financial power of the United States has grown in stature since the 2007-2009 financial crisis.
7814 This will have long-term effects on growth even if the outbreak proves short-lived.
7815 The length and depth of the global economic contraction depends most importantly on whether health officials can materially slow the spread of the virus via a ramp-up in testing, restrictions on mass gatherings, and quarantines of infected people as well as their contacts,
7816 We vow to return to prudent monetary management if the market is ready to fully absorb the debt papers.
7817 Recovery is likely to take place in the next six months after bottoming out in February and March,
7818 Even if they have COVID-19, but are asymptomatic or have minor symptoms, such as a cough but no fever, are under 60, have no comorbidities (underlying health conditions), they can just self-isolate and stay at home.
7819 And the answer is no.. This is my town, this is where I grew up. Love this place. I bleed this city.
7820 David has a highly regarded reputation for thought leadership within the investment community and is a terrific complement to our existing business.
7821 I'm also very happy with how well our premiere gold equities mutual fund, the Gold and Precious Metals Fund (USERX), has performed,
7822 The launch of this new channel provides us with a substantial platform from which we can communicate with the business community and industry partners. We understand the significant importance of developing collaborative working partnerships, it is a fundamental principle of our strategy and cohesive approach of engaging with the Welsh business network.
7823 So, if you net those costs out, debt will be around 58 percent or so of GDP. But the key to all of this is merely the export boost that we are expecting. And this will be an outright boost if you look at our non-oil contribution, that is about 5.4% growth, compared to the oil growth,
7824 Why is it conspicuously lost in your statement the state of the $100 million.
7825 right now from our assessment, I think we have a GH  16.28 billion [ target ], we have done about GH  12billion and we have GH  4bilion that we have to do. With that as I mentioned, I have about GH  1 billion somewhere and then I can also add some paper to that.
7826 the only truly green mode of transport.
7827 The report will probably consider the potential for new tools as well. Coeure raised the possibility of the central bank offering accounts to private individuals. We expect some assessment of digital currencies to be within the scope of the review. As Lagarde said recently, society is facing `massive technological change.' Central banks are too.
7828 I've now lost a life [ but ] can we save a life by getting some lights and maybe laybys? Let's push to have some lights put on the junctions. Nothing can bring him back but maybe we can save a life by doing something and pushing for lights.
7829 When both direct tax and GST rates get stabilised in future, a day might come when there would be no need to present budgets in the Parliament
7830 My life has been a series of coincidences and accidents,
7831 But given our past recent experience with these sorts of things, I don't think it should; it hasn't changed my outlook or my expectation about our rates path.
7832 If this [ virus ] becomes a world issue, with ripples through many countries and many economies, then that's a different type of event than as I understand it to be today,
7833 crazy. This is a transitional government for the third time and it can do whatever it likes [ without oversight ].
7834 I think we will see most governments around the world implementing these kinds of stimulus policies,
7835 If you have a coordinated stimulus, everyone can maintain an open trading system,
7836 Trump's staff believed tariffs would be a win-win and there would be a boost for domestic firms as well as a hit to China, but the first thing just didn't happen. For the past year, U.S. manufacturing has been in recession and shedding jobs, despite the president's tweets to the contrary.
7837 If you joined the air force the first plane you would walk up to in those days was the Winjeel.
7838 focus on his other philanthropic activities.
7839 This was a combination of the team reaching into the local neighborhoods and working with the communities. It was an accumulation of all that work.
7840 Low price to book has correlated with good returns in the past. Momentum has correlated with good returns in the past. But valuation is causation. Stocks are ownership shares in businesses. I'm only interested in looking at things that have to do with that.
7841 That's about the most bullish thing we've done,
7842 And over the last 10 days or so, we've been aggressively buying stocks that have been marked down. So we've been, you know, betting that the economy is going to recover and that great companies like a Starbucks... and other consumer type franchises that we've specialized in are going to are going to recover from here.
7843 The bottom line is that our hedging strategy worked. While we incurred mark-to-market losses on our portfolio equal to $2.6 billion, we made the same amount on the hedges,
7844 No one defaults, no one forecloses. A 30-day rent, interest and tax holiday for all,
7845 The area under this entire curve is the total number of infections you would expect a single newly infected person to transmit to others at the start of an epidemic, before there have been any interventions,
7846 the biggest madness of the 21st century,
7847 The CAA protests across the country are fake and sponsored by foreign powers, who wants to spread fear among the people. This is a conspiracy against India's development. There is no such section where the BJP has decided on its own and brought to the Parliament.
7848 Union of India along with National Monuments Authority (NMA) to declare Ram Setu as a National Monument and of National Importance.
7849 He has become famous in Delhi,
7850 I welcome Namo's statement in Kolkata that History as we know should be reviewed. He should implement that statement by re-naming Victoria Memorial as Rani Jhansi Smarak Mahal,
7851 These people are now rejoicing. They finally have hope for a better life and future,
7852 was being kind to Muslims by not letting them come to India
7853 There's no question that the next session will be a challenging session.
7854 It's not every day we have a Nobel Prize winner in our midst,
7855 Okay, we'll see you in a couple months.
7856 after learning of all of the remarkable activities that go on in this community, there is no wonder that the Jewish people have lasted through the many challenges it has faced throughout history
7857 Age of Greed: The Triumph of Finance and the Decline of America.
7858 But developing Asia is now largely middle-income, and people and policymakers are looking beyond progress only in income. An increasing focus on environmental sustainability, liveable cities, holistic health, and fairness and opportunities for all will be a hallmark of economic development in the coming years,
7859 I've heard of one midwife who had to turn away 20 women.
7860 Mindful of Race: Transforming racism from the inside out
7861 Meanwhile, hydrogen and carbon capture are in need of major investment to scale them up and bring down costs. This could be helped by current interest rate levels, which were already low and are declining further, making the financing of big projects more affordable.
7862 Global oil markets will remain well supplied this year, with a possible overhang of some 1 million barrels per day (bpd),
7863 If only one of these incidents, geopolitical tensions, had happened a few years ago we would have seen oil prices skyrocket,
7864 very soon -- this week
7865 I am talking with several governments and international financial institutions leaders because they are all busy designing stimulus programs for the economy.
7866 It's the reason that recent incidents we have seen-with the Iranian general killed, Libya unrest-didn't boost international oil prices,
7867 Cheaper energy always leads to using energy in a less efficient manner,
7868 When electricity from wind and solar is satisfying the majority of demand, systems need to maintain flexibility in order to be able to ramp up other sources of generation quickly when the pattern of supply shifts, such as when the sun sets. A very high share of wind and solar in a given moment also makes the maintenance of grid stability more challenging.
7869 Following the welcome step announced overnight by some producer countries, I am looking forward to today's extraordinary meeting of G20 energy ministers. I hope that it will help restore some much-needed stability to oil markets,
7870 This is not a Russian roulette.
7871 that French economist you think you've heard about,
7872 benefit from public financing two to three times as high per student as in the [ normal ] universities,
7873 The market and competition, profits and wages, capital and debt, skilled and unskilled workers, natives and aliens, tax havens and competitiveness -- none of these things exist as such,
7874 the parties of the winners
7875 They have to insert an extra week every four years,
7876 The supply of money collapsed, and the Federal Reserve, which thought it was engaging in a loose monetary policy, in fact it was engaging in a tremendously tightening monetary policy. And that was the big cause of he Great Depression.
7877 This case is upsetting in many ways, and it serves as a reminder that criminals are targeting some of the most vulnerable people in our society,
7878 We know we will have to remove a lot of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, and offsets are helpful in priming that market,
7879 We still have fiscal policy space to take counter-cyclical action.
7880 Some have asked about my health amid the COVID-19 outbreak. Alhamdulillah [ thank God ], I'm in good health and still working as Finance Minister in full capacity,
7881 Daniel arap Moi's legacy is deeply etched in the unfolding memoir of our nation. His contribution to the Kenya we all desire is also indelibly tattooed in the annals of our national history,
7882 It couldn't on the way down and it also can't on the way up.
7883 The Strategic Toilet Paper Reserve removes the incentive to stockpile. It ensures that even if you see others running to the store to stockpile toilet paper, you no longer need to try to run to beat them. You can relax, knowing that you'll still be able to wipe your bum,
7884 It's totally laid bare how vulnerable they are,
7885 With so many survivors no longer with us, we are the next generation to tell this story in certain ways. [ This show ] is an exploration of my birthright, this desire to wear that vigilante cape, to get justice, to shed light on hidden crimes and truths... I just really wanted to see a Jewish superhero, represented by so many others in this eccentric, eclectic kind of way. So that was the genesis of it.
7886 It is a love letter to my grandmother, it is a way to honor my birthright and my heritage and my Judaism, and it's a way to shed light on hidden crimes and secrets,
7887 His agent read the script and called us and was, like, `I think Al might like this. I think there is something in this that Al really will respond to.' It was incredibly surreal. And then we had four or five meetings with him before he officially signed on.
7888 There are so many survivors who are not with us,
7889 It is a story about grand good and grand evil, but very slowly the colors begin to desaturate, and it becomes this story that lives not in black and white, but in the grey and that murky morality.
7890 Michael Bloomberg quite frankly was awful in the last few debates,
7891 Bernie's politics are too extreme for some suburban women who voted for Hillary in 2016,
7892 I'm watching the #DemDebate with 30 of my university students, and they overwhelmingly picked @EWarren as the winner at the first break. Why? Because she emphasized female pride and empowerment.
7893 reflected Mr. Davis's ebullient, effervescent personality as it explored his broad repertory of early jazz and novelty songs.
7894 the best candidate to win back America and restore honor to the presidency.
7895 The combined number of policy rate cuts in advanced and emerging-market economies was the largest since the global financial crisis in 2008,
7896 What I'm watching closely is the government's response,
7897 Many are not permanently unemployed, but temporarily furloughed. Initial claims of 3.28 million is such a small fraction of 196 that I think we have a lot more to come next week.
7898 I've got the latest information from both the Commonwealth and Formula One management, and the grand prix is going ahead as planned,
7899 racing can continue at this time
7900 supported by monetary and fiscal stimulus as well as subdued oil prices.
7901 This would follow if the pandemic and containment measures last longer, emerging and developing economies are even more severely hit [... ] or if widespread scarring effects emerge due to firm closures and extended unemployment,
7902 The first priority is clearly to keep people as healthy and safe as possible. Countries can help by spending more to boost their health systems, including on personal protective equipment, screening, diagnostic tests, and additional hospital beds,
7903 It is very likely that this year the global economy will experience its worst recession since the Great Depression, surpassing that seen during the global financial crisis a decade ago. `The Great Lockdown' , as one might call it, is projected to shrink global growth dramatically.
7904 That would severely reduce productivity in the world, and that is the last thing we want at this time,
7905 The arrival of a fourth operator is very important in the context of making mobile data cheaper for the general public,
7906 The coronavirus crisis threatens to usher in a less globalized world,
7907 We are nearing the bottom, but no one can specifically point to a bottom. When there is great uncertainty, fear increases. Fear in turn results in retreat.
7908 but I have high hopes that our success will lead us to expand the program to serve more students in the near future.
7909 It was wonderful to see so many great submissions from a wide range of applicants. I could not be more pleased with the strength of this first cohort, and I am delighted that we will have the opportunity to help them develop skills for their chosen career path.
7910 Central banks have lost the plot,
7911 No government wants to be accused of having done too little,
7912 Forget it, Bill. It's Russia.
7913 I would advise these schools to consult with the Department of Health and with the local government. But as far as we in DepEd are concerned, since they're relatively autonomous, they should not miss out on the number of school days for the learners,
7914 I have not come here to teach, but to learn about the teaching practices of the Baguio City National High School. They might have something to do why they got the highest score in reading. I want to know their secret,
7915 It's about bringing humans into a stable economic life, so they can succeed,
7916 LIC is already in the ICU with non-performing assets coming up to Rs 30,000 crore. But now you move it towards privatisation to be eaten,
7917 I am happy to announce a new scheme `Chaa Sundari' under which within next three years the state government will provide funds for construction of housing for all those permanent workers who do not have house of their own,
7918 The United States is not seeing CPEC as an economic corridor but a military corridor, as US thinks that the Chinese military would utilize it,
7919 There are some indications that a recession is imminent,
7920 The German is in shock.
7921 They realize every campaign needs them for fundraising. Every campaign needs them for messaging,
7922 This has some of the same feel, some of the feel of panic, some of the feel of volatility you're talking about. But it's much closer to a major snowstorm or a natural disaster than it is to a classic 1930s-style depression. So, it's quite different. Different tools are necessary,
7923 much closer to a major snowstorm
7924 Audit quality is a key consideration in determining partner compensation, with our global and local policies requiring that both positive and negative quality outcomes be factored into compensation decisions,
7925 The queues at Centrelink this week show that the government's plan is already failing,
7926 concerns of a potential late-cycle inflation overshoot... Such an overshoot is the economic environment in which gold historically does best.
7927 entitlements [ would ] ever be on your plate?
7928 Even when we sit around the dining table for meals, we maintain social distance of 6-10 feet,
7929 I think the issue of how we provide those supports is an important one in any economic downturn,
7930 That is clearly a much more difficult issue for many people in this time and something to be concerned about.
7931 To address the continent's lack of adequate capacity, the first thing we did was to begin to systematically diagnose the capacity challenges of the continent,
7932 We have taken some proactive precautionary measures to limit the exposure of our Oil Kings players, including postponing our year-end autograph session with the players,
7933 What we are saying here is that that is being complacent because interest rates may not stay low and growth may not stay as high as it is,
7934 Without any doubt, DFID and the UK government's investment in the African Development Bank pays off and delivers huge impacts in Africa,
7935 Africa also needs to do more to stop illicit capital flows.
7936 Growth must be visible. Growth must be equitable. Growth must be felt in the lives of people,
7937 Essentially, this year (2019), there are 37 countries that are growing at 3 to 5 per cent, and 20 countries that grow at above 5 per cent. That is incredible,
7938 Youth must be prepared for the jobs of the future-not the jobs of the past,
7939 It's time to recalibrate UK -- Africa trade and investment. And a good place to start on investments is on infrastructure. The continent's unmet infrastructure demand is worth $68-billion to $108-billion a year, offering huge opportunities for global investors,
7940 It's almost like the way that Republicans failed to react to the Great Depression back in 1929,' 30,' 31, when they also faced something of an extinction event because they simply couldn't get off that ideological diet.
7941 Output rose a bit at the end of 2019. Manufacturers seem to be figuring out the new world of trade policy. They are making adjustments to their supply chains,
7942 Redstor is our partner of choice when it comes to backup and disaster recovery as no other provider can match their level of expertise, product offering, and support. Together, we provide customers with one of the most complete ICT value propositions available in the market currently,
7943 The perfect storm that creates these really disastrous financial crises,
7944 at least 80 percent likely,
7945 Now is not time to worry about near-term deficits,
7946 The storm resulted in significant damage. We had all hands on deck to assist impacted residents as quickly as possible
7947 Ultimately, the economic impact of this virus depends on the measures that countries apply to contain the virus. So, China has done a great job in containing the virus, but it has sacrificed a little bit the economy, at least in the first few weeks. So, planned closures, restriction to movement of people, which were all necessary; but there is an economic effect when you take those measures.
7948 weren't a fucking great band
7949 The tyre is a spare tyre for the current working JCB that our business is presently using. To my knowledge, no tyres have ever been burnt on my property.
7950 Because [ Noel is ] greedy and he loves money and he knows that it's got to happen soon or it won't happen.
7951 What if I told you there was a Republican President, but a better version, and you had two-thirds Republican majorities in both Houses of Congress and you had a deficit-to-GDP [ ratio ] of 2, not 4.5; and you had a debt-to-GDP [ ratio ] lower than the United States, and 12 times earnings and a 4% yield-sounds like a decent place to invest to me!
7952 When you are trying to go after the wealthy, you could potentially hit special interests and then it gets very tricky. How much they will be able to collect is unclear,
7953 Hopefully, the recent break between Russia and OPEC marks the start of the waning influence of this dreadful cartel on international crude oil prices,
7954 The ACCC cannot prevent or take action to stop excessive pricing, as it has no role in setting prices. But in some circumstances excessive pricing may be unconscionable, for example where the product is critical to the health or safety of vulnerable consumers. If a business makes misleading claims about the reason for price increases, it will be breaching the Australian Consumer Law.
7955 It's not illegal, but make sure you don't buy from them,
7956 I'm not in the least embarrassed,
7957 We want to send a message to Trivago and others not to mislead consumers and not to have consumers paying more than they need to be,
7958 Allowing pharmacy wholesalers to work together to help make vital medicines accessible to everyone during this pandemic is clearly in the national interest,
7959 I would much rather get people money sooner.
7960 Thrilled to see @MittRomney proposing $1,000 checks. This would [ be ] a critical floor of social insurance for hundreds of millions of Americans and would help the economy rebound more quickly when we are past the virus lockdown phase.
7961 At this point, this feels much worse than 2008. Lehman Brothers was quite bad, but it was the culmination of a sequence of things that had happened over 14 months,
7962 We should certainly be prepared for a meaningful level of deliberate suppression of economic activity for the rest of the year,
7963 The president's economic adviser, Larry Kudlow, got asked on television what he thought of my idea. He said something like, `Jason Furman is my friend, but...' and then said something much more limited needed to happen.
7964 In this scenario, we estimate a decrease of  346 million per year -- a reduction of over 10% in the net value of British farming.
7965 encompass the rigorous defense of objective facts
7966 reduce the probability of the economy of getting stuck at the effective lower bound.
7967 The (inflation) target worked very well in the past but structural changes in the economy justify a careful discussion,
7968 The presence of flavonols in plants has developed through evolution because of their ability to protect the plant against damaging rays from the sun,
7969 The Trump economy is seeing a boom that has never been seen before -- by three-year olds,
7970 trends have slowed significantly since late last year.
7971 Iran might also seek to draw Israel into a conflict via Hezbollah in Lebanon,
7972 core inflation is under control.
7973 It's a good economy for the best educated,
7974 We're looking at numbers that are double what we normally see, even more than double what we normally see as far as people needing us,
7975 We have to look at the logistics of coordinating it so we don't significantly impact traffic,
7976 Celebrate the National MLK Day of Service by joining EcoAction Arlington to clean up trash and debris from Four Mile Run and surrounding streets. Everyone is welcome; we will provide supplies and snacks.
7977 going to Richmond to provide testimony.
7978 Some international shock. A resumption of the trade war,
7979 Stakeholder capitalism might be accelerated [ by the crisis ],
7980 This was expressed by the WFP executive director (Mr David Beasley), and UN under-secretary on humanitarian assistance (Mr Mark Lowcock).
7981 Chirundu is one of our key links of trade from South Africa to our neighbour, Zambia and other countries in the north through the 24-hour Beitbridge Border Post. We have also seen the volumes of trade through Chirundu increase with increasing feeder traffic from Beira through Forbes,
7982 In the next couple of weeks our database should be ready. We expect to make a lot of progress this week and then next week we should be able to see the beginning of the new system.
7983 We truly regret that this sort of incident keeps repeating. It seems to have been caused by ineffective coordination among Malaysian authorities, among other things,
7984 As an investor, you have to have a view on the election because the outcomes are so extreme.
7985 At the time of SARS, China was the sixth-largest economy, accounting for only 4.3% of world GDP. Mainland China is now the world's second-largest economy, accounting for 16.5% of world GDP in 2019,
7986 Get rid of all those subscriptions that you've never used, but haven't gotten around to cancel,
7987 I hate using the term war, because I was never in the military and I've so much respect for what those people do,
7988 It will be paid for in cash so we have taken out the existing shareholders and we will basically inject a bit more equity into the institution,
7989 It is an honour to be recognised by such a prestigious platform, renowned for its work in unbiased and qualitative reportage. This award is dedicated to all members of staff who have worked tirelessly to ensure the growth and success of the bank and all its subsidiaries. Furthermore, we thank all 32 million of our customers who trust us as we continue our journey to being Africa's gateway to the world.
7990 We believe that if we are able to offer a return on investment to our shareholders and offer quality service and convenience to members, they will be happy with Unaitas in its current form,
7991 We are working with Dangote Foundation and other organisations to drive this Initiative, he pointed out.
7992 Our best and only response to it should be to take concerted action. The COVID Action Platform is at the centre of our mission and we draw upon all our members and partners, communities and capabilities to make it a success.
7993 Do shop, not a talk shop
7994 Environmental responsibility is very much a part of the stakeholder responsibility,
7995 This will put both sides under pressure.
7996 [ I ] t is ultimately quite strange that people should so `accept' to occupy themselves in the service of a desire that was not originally their own.
7997 At Oak, I played in the Confederation Cup in 2015 against Esperance of Tunisia who knocked us out after a 4-0 home win before forcing a 1-1 draw in Accra.
7998 Direct Install places an emphasis on educating customers about energy efficiency and the specific benefits for their business,
7999 I think most of us think that we are well-calibrated now,
8000 Right now I'm thinking about that as a risk,
8001 unifying theme... That (inflation) has got to get better.
8002 Nevertheless, some long-lasting effects arising from the trade war are likely,
8003 It was also my sister's first film.
8004 This is a really, really tough time for them, not having a place to go to.
8005 My family (was) flashing in front of me... my two little boys.
8006 It's probably the most hopeless art heist in history.
8007 It's not just like you can say, `Oh, I can't get a job that I want' -- it's that you can't get a job at all.
8008 not go running to primary care
8009 what happens when we do cancel events
8010 robust infection control measures in place.
8011 The purpose of business is not simply to produce profits. It's to produce profitable solutions to the problems of people and planet.
8012 The purpose of business is not to produce profits. The purpose of business is to produce profitable solutions to the problems of people and the planet.
8013 I may not be a great singer, but I sing with passion,
8014 I really need to see an imminent and significant improvement in the U.K. data to justify waiting a little bit longer,
8015 Like a bagel with cream cheese, I believe North Market and Block's Bagels are a perfect pairing,
8016 On suspected violation of some agreement, those involved post their opinions to this digital court. The court algorithmically aggregates the parties' opinions and judges who violated their agreement. If the digital court judges that a party violated the agreement, the party is fined by withholding a deposit made during the initial agreement.
8017 Stability in China in and of itself isn't good or bad for the world,
8018 the back three continues to bring out errors in him
8019 There are some operations in the San Juan basin [ in New Mexico and Colorado ] but it's not clear to me that they could beat those out either.
8020 conviction (would) eventually be overturned, especially if Pakistan comes off the FATF grey list?
8021 Khan's handling of the COVID-19 crisis reveals the limits of his populism, the precariousness of his position, and his lack of experience in dealing with a crisis.
8022 Has anyone looked into whether there is something in the genetics of Italians which makes this worse? Aren't there a lot of Italians in NY?
8023 have enough cash on the sidelines to meet their one-to-two-year burn rate or spend policy,
8024 Napoleon is known for his books that deal with self-help, self-improvement and the path to success. I was super curious to find it after my school's librarian summarised the author and his advanced yet simplified vision. Unfortunately, I couldn't find it and as time passed the idea of finding the book was lost,
8025 We had an extremely strong quarter with Total Revenues growing 3% in constant currency. Subscription revenues, made up of Cloud Services and License Support revenues, grew 5% in constant currency. These consistently growing and recurring subscription revenues now account for 71% of total company revenues, thus enabling a sequential increase in our operating margin, and double-digit non-GAAP Earnings Per Share growth in Q3.
8026 We understand lots of other risks, such as those associated with alcohol and drug use on campus which will cause an reasonably predictable death toll, but we don't shut the place down because we know what the risk is and have experience managing it. In this case, although risk from the virus for most campuses is low, it is a risk we don't understand.
8027 Whether its staff, students, faculty or just people in Oakland in general, we're just trying to make an impact in the community so people know what's going on around them.
8028 I think that some people just cast us off like, `Oh, it's just a college newspaper,' but I think we do a really good job of telling the stories here,
8029 A final example relates to the civil services reform. Prime Minister Modi has pushed for lateral entry at the top levels of the bureaucracy for several years. But going by publicly available information, it is a reasonable conclusion that bureaucracy slowed down the process to such a degree that it was only at the very end of his term that nine officers could be inducted from outside,
8030 On the other hand, you have to look at the big picture. People are dying.
8031 It's not good for the worker, obviously,
8032 which means workers get less pay.
8033 There's evidence as far as health issues, mental health issues, traffic accidents.
8034 Without huge fiscal bazooka stimulus the monetary one is impotent. Only a large monetized fiscal deficit will stop the demand collapse that's worse than in the GFC!
8035 The best-case scenario would be a downturn that is more severe than the (2008 global financial crisis)... but shorter-lived, allowing for a return to positive growth by the fourth quarter of this year.
8036 perfect risk-off storm and a true signal of upcoming global recession!
8037 They are going to use this crisis to say, `Our political system is better, our technological model is better, our economic model is better.
8038 a latter-day Man in the Iron Mask
8039 It's a matter of principle and perspective, and that's never good for compromise.
8040 They are making the same serious category error as they did in the Greek crisis in 2010. They are treating an insolvency crisis as if it were a liquidity crisis,
8041 Exempting health care providers and emergency responders threatens our nation's ability to fight back against the coronavirus and makes us all more vulnerable,
8042 Foreign Direct Investment rises 66% to $1.56 billion in July-Jan 2020 as compared to the same period last year. In January 20, net FDI was $223 million, 52% higher than January 19.
8043 Liberalism... has great faith in modifying human behaviour by adjusting `underlying social conditions' to make people desire the right thing, instead of the wrong thing. In its clearest form this is the response to crime control by liberals, who are not interested in tougher sentences, improved security devices, better-armed and equipped police, more escape-proof prisons -- they seek to change society, or the malefactors, so that people will not want to commit crime. This is also the form of the liberal solution to most foreign policy problems -- we should behave in a better manner and reorder the world so that the urge to war will be reduced, and mankind [ `peoplekind' for Trudeau ] will live in better harmony.
8044 Since 5 percent of 20 percent is one percent,
8045 On the gender front, we have made this into a `war, '
8046 Students for Fair Admissions Inc. v. Harvard.
8047 Supervision is intensive, including on the smaller banks,
8048 That's not zero percent, but as humanly possible to zero as you can get,
8049 The decline in aggregate demand, together with the original risk shocks, cause a sharp drop in equity markets.
8050 This will severely test the US public health system and poor countries.
8051 Whether the borders are shut or not, international supply chains are disrupted, we can make sure we can get the key things Australians needs,
8052 One of the biggest changes is the casualisation of the workforce. That is going to make it easier for businesses under pressure to cut back on employee hours and potentially push people off an income for extended periods of time,
8053 A global pandemic will present challenges we have not yet imagined. The most important element about delivering support is the local commander,
8054 A lukewarm response to our launch would result in huge negative cash flows, and hurt the future success of this development. Critically, we believe we have a very prime site where the land will only get more valuable over time. So, in essence, time is on our side.
8055 flipped over and upside down.
8056 I learned a lot playing at this level. Mistakes and poor starts are punished. That should stand to me for the new season and I can't wait to get going.
8057 The rest is mostly a reiteration of China's existing IMF and G-20 commitments.
8058 We probably couldn't have done this 10 years ago.
8059 Generally, we find that the average happiness of city residents is more often than not higher than the average happiness of the general country population, especially in countries at the lower end of economic development,
8060 There's time to address our fiscal challenges and fiscal policy could be used as a tool to address other challenges facing the nation if the Congress chooses to do so,
8061 As it did in the past, if there were an overshoot, the MPC would need to assess the speed with which to return inflation to target,
8062 For images that are misidentified by the AI, a person would be able to go in and file it correctly,
8063 Knowing the White Wing course at Rio Verde, we have been working in putts from off the green, bumps, and iron distance control. This tournament should be ideal for us as we start the spring semester. The field is good, the course sets up well for our golfers and we've had some great practice sessions preparing for some specifics we'll see here.
8064 rolling the country as they did in Iraq
8065 Twitter has undergone remarkable change over the past several years. We are deeply proud of our accomplishments and confident that we are on the right path with Jack's leadership and the executive team. As a board, we regularly review and evaluate how Twitter is run, and while our CEO structure is unique, so is Jack and so is this company. To continue to ensure strong governance, we are pleased to create a temporary board committee that will build on our regular evaluation of Twitter's leadership structure. This committee, which I will chair, will provide a fresh look at our various structures, and report the findings to our board on an ongoing basis. In an environment where certainty is scarce, I can say with certainty that today we have taken steps to meaningfully strengthen what is already a world-class board.
8066 We've got a lot of work to do. We're not winning, and the record is the record, so we just have to keep plugging away.
8067 not laid off; they're temporarily not working any hours,
8068 Secondly, the brain rapidly acclimates or desires these high levels of dopamine, inducing cravings and making it very hard to kick a cocaine habit to the curb.
8069 What that means is announcing now that the government is ready to do whatever it takes to support the economy. If the impact of COVID-19 shuts down businesses and reduces demand, the government must provide short-term support,
8070 Basically when farmers seasonally needed more money and the banks would run out of cash, then it was the Fed's role to make sure that we could provide the cash knowing it was always backed by future productivity. Now the Fed is this, this behemoth. So I appreciate when individuals say, well, what we have to do then is start reining them in. Maybe Congress has given up its own responsibility defined by the Constitution to regulate money. We farm that out to the Fed. The Fed has gotten Potomac fever. So now we're going to start reining them in.
8071 Dare to dream, and wow, here we are,
8072 has acted as Beijing's handmaid,
8073 I wholeheartedly endorse the second iteration of the Doha Declaration. It is a reflection of the two days of productive discussions and reflects the need for all stakeholders in the aviation industry to work together to develop solutions for the challenges we face now and in the future
8074 The Treasury Department views itself as the central steward of the U.S. economy and the U.S. financial system,
8075 People will be more cautious about starting up a small business,
8076 But even by the end of next year I think we are still going to be looking at something like a 6 per cent unemployment rate,
8077 There's no question that if it goes on for four to six months, it will be catastrophic,
8078 And things obviously don't always go the right direction, but cities have been working miracles of collaboration for thousands of years, and whenever I go to a developing-world city, it is obvious to me that the age of miracles is not over.
8079 After all, what was the point? The goal of risk mitigation must be to achieve the portfolio effect of raising the compound annual growth rate (CAGR), and thus the wealth in the end user's entire portfolio, by mitigating risk in that portfolio.
8080 Consequently, there is enormous uncertainty about the path ahead, bringing to mind the adage `forecasting is hard, especially the future.
8081 There is skepticism about whether central bank actions can mitigate a virus related shock,
8082 ExtraHop takes advantage of the virtually unlimited compute resources of the cloud to perform machine learning at scale across more than 15 million devices -- and over four petabytes of threat telemetry per day -- across our customer base to deliver global intelligence to prepare every security team, from the large enterprise to the midmarket, to handle both present and future threats.
8083 Low-wage workers broadly. People who are hourly, not salaried. People who work for small businesses, people who don't have paid sick leave. People who depend on cash coming in the door of their businesses in order to cover their paychecks,
8084 Temporary layoffs typically do return.
8085 We're proud of Sant Cie's journey since 2015 to have become one of the leading home medical assistance players in France. We're delighted to continue our commitment alongside Sant Cie's management to develop the business internationally and explore promising new segments such as dialysis at home.
8086 Children are going without milk.
8087 We want to give an alert to the government,
8088 Whatever Sir Fazle Abed thought and did was about the welfare of the common people. He designed all his programmes accordingly.
8089 And too many of us are standing by while our national resilience, our sense of social solidarity and our sense of public decency that has always been the British bulwark against far right agitators is being gradually undermined.
8090 That is why we need to hold it at the earliest opportunity, and it is why we have been asking you to come to give evidence for very many weeks in continued correspondence.
8091 If you had 30 to 40 billionaires that decided to do this in 30 to 40 places that had some tech activity,
8092 Insight TV is a perfect fit for fuboTV's adventure-loving subscribers and a great compliment to our sports programming,
8093 It requires very little imagination to predict how he reacts to any new idea.
8094 The No. 1 destination, ironically, was Florence. And so actually, a number of those students have had a double bump experience. But they're troupers.
8095 fake news and other forms of information corruption have been perennial features of Google and Facebook's online environments... [ with ]... countless examples of disinformation that survived and even thrived because it fulfilled economic imperatives
8096 It would help the employer sort of have the cash they need to keep workers around for a few months, and so that would be the kind of thing that I would advocate.
8097 the worst jobs number you ever saw, and that's like a virtual certainty.
8098 you're looking at one of the biggest negative jobs numbers that we've ever seen.
8099 This is me really making a start in terms of cross country but having been on the hills I was well aware of the challenge that Angela would present.
8100 You could see how the war had devastated the city,
8101 Abela faces the great challenge of initiating a political restart in Malta. A restart is only possible if he clearly distances himself from the old system of corruption and clientelism,
8102 danger zone for companies.
8103 In many ways it's far worse than 2008,
8104 The government will have to spend much more for the MGNREGS to support the migrant workers going back to the villages as well as the rest of the rural population once the lockdown is lifted and the crisis gets over,
8105 We really want to understand why some sectors perform better than others,
8106 [ W ] omen never use guns to protect themselves against sexual assault,
8107 For the very loose monetary policy is also associated with risks and side effects.
8108 It's a bit early to say what the outcome will be,
8109 2019 marked a new flight path for Norwegian as the company changed its strategic focus from growth to profitability.
8110 During a challenging past year in the industry we have implemented a series of financial measures at Norwegian to ensure that we are delivering on our strategy of moving from growth to profitability. Throughout 2020 we will continue to focus on building a strong, sustainable and profitable business to benefit our customers, employees and shareholders. I very much appreciate the recognition that these awards clearly demonstrate in regards to the hard work and diligence of the entire treasury team at Norwegian and Arctic Aviation Assets,
8111 So far, it's been very successful in helping our patients suffering from substance abuse, while generating substantial revenue. Our technology can be used alongside medical treatment for a wide variety of addictive conditions, including alcohol, opioid and benzodiazepine (benzo) addictions.
8112 The second question is, can we find enough early educators that will work to really staff these centers? We hope so.
8113 and therefore more danger of choke points getting damaged.
8114 But even with technological improvements, it will only happen if the policymakers want it to happen.
8115 It's one of the single biggest ways to get people to come to fire-affected areas,
8116 It's the end of globalization as we know it,
8117 Our third problem is foreign policy. Foreign policy has turned into grudge and anger, a foreign policy prioritizing war, not peace. We live the results of this together with 82 million [ population of Turkey ],
8118 Very few people have reached Mr. Patterson's level of success or had such a profound impact on education and the lives of students.
8119 virtually all gains in spending on the social safety net for children since 1990 have gone to families with earnings, and to families with income above the poverty line.
8120 We are saying that if you live in a country where it's very prevalent that there is interaction across generations, where grandparents typically pick up kids at school, then, if a situation like this arises, maybe your policy measures should be different.
8121 distinguish nuisance proposals from really substantive ones. Let's make sure that the people bringing these proposals forward have an economic interest in the outcomes.
8122 extraordinary how we lust after property
8123 Forget this 2008 financial crisis playbook,
8124 Ohio farmers and food businesses rely on these markets, as do their employees and customers.
8125 The deportation made it hard to accept being recognised,
8126 The EU has the latitude to act, but I'm not sure the political will is there yet.
8127 Chiefs are instrumental agents of development and should not be caught up in the web of partisan politics. We need our chiefs to use their social networking and communications skills to attract development into their communities,
8128 GA-ASI's commitment to providing the best available RPA technology to Belgian Defense means identifying and establishing relationships with companies across Belgium that can assist us with that effort,
8129 It's magical when you sit there and realize this piece of music wouldn't have been written,
8130 The supervisory measures agreed today aim to support banks in serving the economy and addressing operational challenges, including the pressure on their staff,
8131 We have attracted huge amount of funding because we invested in this and the day we stop doing that and think only about collecting bins and dog waste will be a sad day, because no one else will do it,
8132 We have to ensure that we're supporting critical industries through this effort.
8133 As returning Wuhan expats have been subject to extensive testing, substantial underdiagnosing is unlikely, providing confidence in these numbers,
8134 feels like a universal constant
8135 In history, countries with strong military industrial complexes have been leaders in innovation and have in turn transformed their societies at a rapid pace,
8136 Since then, we have continued to bolster the brand, with new technologies and services, additional language support and improving customer and channel support,
8137 The federal state bodies <... > have been ordered to temporarily suspend bookings, hosting and accommodating citizens at recreation centers, health resorts and sanatoriums from March 28, 2020 until June 1, 2020,
8138 We project a contraction of global output in 2020, and recovery in 2021. How deep the contraction and how fast the recovery depends on the speed of containment of the pandemic and on how strong and coordinated our monetary and fiscal policy actions are,
8139 The same way the virus hits vulnerable people with preexisting health conditions the hardest, this crisis hits vulnerable economies the hardest,
8140 has stated that countries affected by #COVID 19 will be supported via Rapid Financial Instrument. Our Central Bank requested access to this facility immediately
8141 Spend what you can but keep the receipts,
8142 a big problem for them as well as for the rest of the world economy
8143 Synchronized slow down stabilisation and sluggish recovery.
8144 has stated that countries affected by #COVID 19 (coronavirus) will be supported via Rapid Financial Instrument (RFI). Our Central Bank requested access to this facility immediately
8145 If they have the educational background, there's no reason to think that they won't be able to do the job. They just need a chance.
8146 The beginning of this decade (has been) eerily reminiscent of the 1920s-high inequality, rapid spread of technology and huge risks and rewards in finance,
8147 Why I worry so much about debt in low-income countries, because what it means is that if it is not proper managed, interest rates, often high, takes away precious resources from education and health and infrastructure investments,
8148 The Indian economy indeed has experienced an abrupt slowdown in 2019. We had to revise our growth projections, downwards to 4% for last year. We are expecting 5.8% (growth rate) in 2020 and then an upward trajectory to 6.5% in 2021,
8149 It is already clear, however, that global growth will turn sharply negative in 2020.
8150 wide respect across the IMF's 189 member countries
8151 This is because the introduction of fiscal stimulus measures may raise the risk of a debt crisis once the coronavirus epidemic is over; such a prospect would have a devastating effect on global growth,
8152 But emissions in the rest of the world increased by nearly 400 million tonnes in 2019, with almost 80% of the growth coming from countries in Asia where coal-fired power generation continued to rise.
8153 Without measures by governments, cheaper energy always leads consumers to use it less efficiently. It reduces the appeal of buying more efficient cars or retrofitting homes and offices to save energy. This would be very bad news, since improvements in energy efficiency, a vital element for reaching international climate goals, have already been weakening in recent years,
8154 A 15% reduction in the use of coal for power generation underpinned the decline in overall US emissions in 2019.
8155 Despite widespread expectations of yet another increase, our analysis shows that in fact CO 2 emissions, carbon emissions last year, stopped growing,
8156 Taking these steps is extremely important because the combination of the coronavirus and volatile market conditions will distract the attention of policy makers, business leaders and investors away from clean energy transitions,
8157 The current decline in global emissions is not a development we should be happy abou.... This is happening because of a major economic meltdown, and not as a result of well-designed energy policies.
8158 F ** k that s ** t man we'll smash the C ** TZ in court!
8159 He's obviously gon na say `no' , because he'd like to be the person to break the news to people because he's the f ****** oracle. And obviously I'm his little brother, who's doing well and I'm here to spoil the f ****** party.
8160 ROME c'm on you know LG x.
8161 Please god I'll never do it again. I'm gon na listen to WMWN [ Liam's album Why Me? Why Not. ] for the rest of the week to make up for it,
8162 Me n RKid have been self-isolating for 10 years c'm on a couple of months ain't f *** ing hurt.
8163 This is the original demo. It's my favorite version; it's silky smooth and it's fizzy bubblech,
8164 I'd do a record, but listen, it depends on what kind of record it is. If it's anything like that shit he's putting out at the moment, I don't think anyone wants that. I think people would give you  100 million not to fucking make that record, you know what I mean? They'd just go `yeah, look, here's  100 million quid for the tour and here's another  100 million quid to not make a record like that,
8165 Don't know why don't you tweet him,
8166 Don't cancel Manchester please,
8167 I have the data -- women get judged much more harshly for dating post-bereavement,
8168 I have gained a more profound understanding of what it is to be a mother, both through the depth of the agony I feel when my children scream and cry and from the connection my mother has to my pain. She has tried to fill the empty space in my bed, holding me each night until I cry myself to sleep.
8169 cash grants and ad credits
8170 The Home Secretary said we need to be able to shut down online space to these kind of people in order to protect our citizens.
8171 The talent pool in Dublin is world-class and recruiting local talent will help us better understand the needs of local users.
8172 We don't want to scare our kids,
8173 I know its old-fashioned technology, but you may find... it's probably usually worth that phone call. Or visiting the hotel website itself if you don't like making phone calls.
8174 We will be looking at the market very closely, to determine if further sustained reductions in international prices are being passed onto consumers, and we will be publicly identifying those retailers that are not passing on reductions.
8175 public commentary and an industry-wide campaign by Qantas that is designed to ensure a lessening of competition in the aviation sector
8176 I'll certainly be making contact with Qantas at a very senior level.
8177 Australian consumers have lost an opportunity for stronger competition and cheaper mobile telecommunications services with this merger now allowed to proceed,
8178 Many small and medium-size Australian businesses are experiencing unprecedented financial hardship due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but need to maintain essential insurance protections, in some cases in order to be able to continue to operate,
8179 At a time of crisis such as in war or with a pandemic, where there is a common enemy to fight for the nation's survival, and so a sense of national purpose, co-ordination is both efficient and carries little or no downside,... It is important that these short-term measures do not give rise to long-term structural damage to competition, market concentration or long-term arrangements that make it more difficult for businesses to enter and compete into the future.
8180 Let's not get sentimental about end of @RBS name: bank started as vehicle to transfer English bribes to Scottish lords who signed Act of Union. We need a People's Bank.
8181 I don't think anybody, including the First Minister, thinks there's actually going to be a referendum this year,
8182 More than 1,000 factories were created in the last Mahama administration. NPP had the slogan for it, which of course people can remember. NDC did not have a slogan for it.
8183 They are not writing off the loans yet, but asking banks and NBFCs to allow a moratorium of 3 months on repayment of term loans. The government will assess the situation as and when, but I think the time period of 3 months is fine for now,
8184 ... if households have run down their savings and had to dip into retirement savings, or are behind on their bills, and have higher debt and lower wealth, their spending patterns are not likely to go back to what they were....
8185 Technologies developed in one place of the world need to be and can be applied throughout the world, and become the base for further progress of technological innovation,
8186 We have a strong, well capitalized banking system,
8187 I thought it was important, and we hadn't done enough,
8188 minorities are significantly under represented. They reveal little or no progress in recent decades,
8189 more subtle forms of marginalization.
8190 an emerging downside risk to Japan's economy
8191 economy was in ICU (Intensive Care Unit), and now it is on a ventilator.
8192 The laws and rules were faulty; there were frequent change in rules, and everybody lost, both the business and IT sectors. The second point is the complete inability to cope with what was happening. Number three point is there were frequent changes in the rate structure per item. The IT people were at a loss, as they too have to make frequent computer adjustments. And fourth is that the Centre-State coordination was completely lacking,
8193 Yet it appears that... the number of vacancies of this office has been reduced to 11, the lowest among all RBI offices in 2020, generating a sense of discrimination from a pan-India institution such as the RBI.
8194 If we adhere to Parks Canada's schedule, we will finish on schedule,
8195 It's awkward for economists to continue using annualized numbers at this time,
8196 not lose sight of the exit
8197 In a market economy, it's up to companies to develop products that meet customer demands.
8198 He is someone who has preserved a very vivid interest in monetary policy, who is still up to date with the economic literature and has the unique capability of linking the academic literature with practical needs. So, for me, he is a very valuable adviser.
8199 The impact could be temporary and limited for both the European and the Italian economy to a few decimal of a percentage point in terms of lower growth in the aggregate demand,
8200 There are very few reports of infectious disease being transmitted on airplanes,
8201 Top of the list is frequent hand washing, hand sanitizing, or both,
8202 They are innovative and contain world-leading security features that keep the banknotes secure. The new $100 banknote celebrates the contributions that two outstanding Australians -- Sir John Monash and Dame Nellie Melba -- made to our society.
8203 The economic implications [ of climate change ] are profound,
8204 So the bargaining dynamics... for workers is less than it used to be. And firms are less inclined to bid up wages to attract workers because they're worried about their cost base and competition,
8205 It's a consideration in our decisions at the moment.
8206 The fires have had a devastating personal and economic impact on the areas affected,
8207 We don't know how severe and sustained the spread of the coronavirus will be, we know that the impact on the economy will be significant but what we are doing is ensuring we have the flexibility to respond as required,
8208 the economic effects of weather-related events are really profound.
8209 stands ready to purchase Australian government bonds in the secondary market to support the smooth functioning of that market
8210 this is really an endgame,
8211 So bad in fact that even money at zero percent is not going to help them recapitalize this garbage company now, Boeing, that's worthless, essentially it's insolvent.
8212 We usually use it if we need a momentum shift or something like that,
8213 letting go of a significant number of employees in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic,
8214 Because of their special vulnerabilities and needs as adolescents, the use of these [ punitive ] approaches is a cruel and harmful practice... and can have long-term deleterious consequences that are difficult to remediate,
8215 By abdicating its responsibility to protect LGBTQ Americans from discrimination in accessing critical programs, HHS commits a grave violation against the people it exists to serve,
8216 Currently there is a lot of finger-pointing about the genesis of the crisis between China and the US, the two world's largest economies,
8217 I think that can be sustained for a while, and so in that context, I think our policy stance of stability makes a lot of sense.
8218 I think this is going to be a short-term hit. We'll get the economy back to its usual level
8219 I wish for my life the first minister was a better man,
8220 It was just two old friends, and things had gone too far,
8221 side of my chest or on my bum
8222 went off the rails under the pressure of the campaign
8223 He was titillated by the situation,
8224 One reason unionized public-sector workers may be unwilling to fully pay for premium increases with reduced wages is that the higher premiums reflect things they do not fully value,
8225 Our banknotes celebrate the UK's extraordinarily rich and diverse heritage and highlight the contributions of its greatest citizens. Turner's art was transformative.
8226 These measures will help keep firms in business and people in jobs,
8227 It will be important for the hard data on activity to follow through on the recent pick-up in the surveys, and for domestic price inflation to strengthen.
8228 Series of Brexit cliff edges over the past year has contributed to weak productivity.
8229 I am delighted that the work of arguably the single most influential British artist of all time will now appear on another two billion works of art -- the new  20 notes that people can start using tomorrow.
8230 I absolutely disagree with divestment campaigns. The whole point of the (climate finance) measures are to ensure that investors and banks have the information they need to finance all companies who are improving carbon efficiency whether they are in the oilsands or renewable energy.
8231 has disrupted production and travel activity, especially within the region.
8232 a diverse set of use cases, including powering mobile and online work, enabling faster and affordable remittances, reducing the operational complexities of delivering humanitarian aid, facilitating payments, and enabling microlending.
8233 Having a representative range of views on financial market and monetary matters will benefit the citizens of EMEs and advanced economies alike,
8234 from a system of multilateralism where we all had broadly similar rules, whether in trade or finance or, to some extent, in security, to a much more fragmented system
8235 Persistent weakness could require a prompt response
8236 Being featured on the new  20 note is a truly exceptional moment in our journey. Placing JMW Turner at the heart of this celebrates the vital role that arts and creativity play in our lives.
8237 People have made predictions about what the future's going to look like forever and they've got them spectacularly wrong,
8238 @SBarlow_ROB Bespoke: Stocks with at least 50 years of dividend growth
8239 Chinese economic recovery may be much weaker than expected
8240 The industry that is supposed to improve our health is undermining it.
8241 There is something unique about the way the U.S. is handling this.
8242 The Philippines has to cut back on the use of coal and fossil fuels, and go all out for wind and solar power.
8243 They're going after control of municipal services.
8244 This is terrible but unfortunately it's nothing compared to what's coming in April,
8245 The jump in the headline hides much weaker details.
8246 What matters is that the rate of increase of confirmed US cases is not yet slowing. Yesterday's 33% increase would, if sustained, lead to the number of cases doubling every 2.9 days. At that pace, total U.S. cases would reach 1.3 mln by April 8. Right now, global cases stand at 537K,
8247 The country can't safely re-open as long as this persists.
8248 Demand has to be met from somewhere,
8249 earnings will crater from the first quarter onwards, but should begin to recover by the end of the year,
8250 proved untenable in the face of economic growth continuing to run at about 2%.
8251 It does seem, though, from data earlier in the outbreak, that cases in large outbreaks double every three our four days. That means, in theory, that an outbreak of 1,000 cases becomes more than a million cases after just 33-to-44 days.
8252 The latest actions from the Fed and the likelihood of further substantial fiscal support mean that the risk of an uncontained failure of the economy beyond, say, the end of May, has greatly diminished,
8253 This is a world away from the bill purchases, which effectively just allowed banks to swap bills for reserves at the Fed.
8254 For private investors, getting into markets at the moment is like juggling with knives: it's just far too risky,
8255 We didn't have a long contraction associated with SARS because, in the end, it was contained fairly quickly,
8256 But they were able to find a place in which people were willing to work for these wages, and customers were willing to buy.
8257 Elderly Italian people, while most of them live by themselves, are not isolated and their life is characterised by a much more intense interaction with their children and younger population compared to other countries,
8258 European integration was a primary requirement,
8259 Given our position as a challenger, we're investing aggressively, focused on building out our go-to-market capabilities, executing against our product road map and extending the global footprint of our infrastructure focused on 21 markets and six industries,
8260 Take your laptop home every night.
8261 They didn't have the data and analytics to see it coming,
8262 Given that you and your government were so vocal about Hakeem's detention and the risks of his potential extradition, why have you not shown the same zeal and commitment to secure the release of Australian citizen and Walkley-Award-winning journalist Julian Assange?
8263 By criminalising the use of legal tender... this government is blithe to the fundamental freedoms provided by hard currency, and is instead laying down a path towards surveillance capitalism and negative interest rates,
8264 The government must use the impending total lock-down to reset and adopt the UK model of a job and wages guarantee.
8265 There's obviously been a lot of smoke down here, which has got people very focused on the issue,
8266 I know I've been over-optimistic on inflation,
8267 I don't see anything right now that suggests to me inflation is going to run away on the top side,
8268 I think we have to open up again in some way, because otherwise the collateral damage is going to be incredible. You think about the people who live day to day... you got to get the economy going again.
8269 The problem is not so much interest rates, which are already very low globally. The problem is the supply chain coming out of China.
8270 the trend for gold is going to continue to go up
8271 It's not just about the goods being traded, but the entire global value chain,
8272 reaped at least $490 million from a spinoff of Lands' End that did not benefit Sears.
8273 The line between an expanding economy and recession is crossed when investors, businesses and -- most important -- consumers lose faith. Faith that they will have a job, that they will receive a paycheck, and that their retirement nest egg is safe.
8274 The wealth effect, the rising stock market should be adding about half a point of GDP growth in 2019 and are on track to do about the same in 2020,
8275 The issue for 2020 is going to be the presidential election and the uncertainty that it creates,
8276 It helps households and small business with cash. It keeps the economy together for at least a while,
8277 Once the unemployment rate notches higher, that's when a recession becomes a real threat.
8278 What is the policy response in Europe?
8279 But a lot of these small businesses don't have the cash to weather the storm. It's not obvious to me how we help them. It's tough for the government to try to get cash and credit to small businesses.
8280 The second half of next year should be strong in terms of growth, and I expect 2022 to be a very good year for growth. But we won't get back to full employment until well into 2023,
8281 weaker jobs numbers -- it's just a matter of time.
8282 The president's proposals fall well short of what will be needed to avoid an economic downturn,
8283 Business people, CEOs looking at that... they're going to sit on their hands, and investment is going to be weak and soft.
8284 This is a good example of how international cooperation and local know-how can make tangible improvement for people and businesses alike, and at the same time, contributes to climate action and protection of the environment. I am very proud to see cooperation between Europe and India growing through projects like this.
8285 Last year's record financing volumes in Ireland are the fruit of efforts across the EIB Group to strengthen our co-operation with the Irish public and private sectors in recent years. For the EIB what is even more important than the business volumes has been the impact: a cleaner environment; more and better social housing; small businesses better prepared for Brexit; and Irish-owned and managed exporters driving economic growth and job creation through innovation. For 2020 and beyond, we will prioritise projects that support the EU's and Ireland's ambitious climate and clean energy targets.
8286 Our homes are responsible for a significant proportion of carbon emissions. Investing in reducing household energy demand will make a major contribution to combating climate change, while also saving on energy bills.
8287 To get the price of electricity down to  0.02 or  0.03 per kWh is going to be an enormous, enormous challenge,
8288 Whatever is missed out on for a couple of months will come up strongly with a rebound in autumn, provided that this situation is of short duration and the stimulus package provides for lost income. That would be the best-case scenario.
8289 Before they did away with VA loan limits, some did not even consider VA loans,
8290 we are still lacking inventory,
8291 The state of housing in 2020 will depend on whether home builders bring more affordable homes to the market,
8292 Younger workers, with more years of service ahead of them, would experience even larger cumulative income losses.
8293 I believe that for the euro area there is some risk of Japanification, but it is by no means a foregone conclusion
8294 It is in the interest of both parties, the military and the civilian government, to work together to move Sudan to the next stage,
8295 It's going to be a sh * tshow.
8296 joint code of conduct against intimidation
8297 It's ridiculous when he's just lost us another election. It's also a crying shame. Yvette is one of the few grown-ups we've got left -- she's probably our best chance.
8298 So reforming Econ 101 could be a small, but important part of solving the pipeline problem.
8299 That will be unpleasant but no catastrophe,
8300 The attendance was not full. It was a very short notice, so I am not surprised that full turnout was not there,
8301 The tech sector has been on fire, with the NASDAQ hitting another record high [ on Tuesday ]. I still like Intel right now,
8302 Things have to be going extremely well, and the system has to be stable, to get out without any repercussions.
8303 As soon as people see line-ups, empty shelves, it triggers our inner panic button. We wonder are we missing out on something and we immediately figure out that perhaps we should line up.
8304 right in the middle of panic-buying season,
8305 We will always need food.
8306 There's enough to be sold. As shelves get replenished, I think people will get disciplined a bit more and there will be more [ limits on buying essential items ] as well,
8307 The luxury that Starbucks has that other chains may not have, is that they can move price points more easily.... People expect to pay more. That's a luxury that Starbucks has,
8308 The practice, if done at the right time, will be seen as a responsible one,
8309 Census agencies worldwide report difficulties encouraging those in their late teens and 20s to complete their forms. We suspect that the Jedi response was most common in precisely this age group,
8310 Countries that are not able to do this will suffer not just in the short run, but in the long run.
8311 Dr Pachauri's contribution to global sustainable development is unparalleled. His leadership of the IPCC laid the ground for climate change conversations today,
8312 Housing, of course, grew really fast. It recovered quickly during 2019, but as we got into the final months of 2019, that kind of levelled out at a new space,
8313 Lower interest rates will help to support confidence in businesses and households,
8314 Governing Council will be watching closely to see if the recent slowdown in growth is more persistent than forecast. In assessing incoming data, the Bank will be paying particular attention to developments in consumer spending, the housing market, and business investment.
8315 Should this housing rebound continue, we will be watching for signs of extrapolative expectations returning to certain major housing markets -- in other words, froth.
8316 I am deeply honored and humbled to receive the 2020 IZA Prize in Labor Economics and immensely grateful to have had incredible mentors, collaborators, and students who made the research possible,
8317 The world is in a state of emergency... We do not want to face continued political and economic disintegration. We do not want to reach the tipping point of irreversibility of climate change.
8318 The opportunity and the need for companies and investors to show leadership on climate change is more eminent than ever before.
8319 We do not want to reach the tipping point of irreversibility of climate change.
8320 who are asking the difficult questions, who are checking their stories, checking their sources and then conveying that to the broader public,
8321 We have seen a significant reduction in violence in Afghanistan over the last days, and therefore we are also very close to the signing of an agreement between the United States and the Taliban,
8322 Several Allies, or all Allies, actually, supported the decision to do more and also to take over some of the activities which is today conducted by the U.S.-led Global Coalition to Defeat ISIS,
8323 the need for NATO to do more fighting terrorism.
8324 Egypt has been in a very tense situation with Ethiopia. And what President Trump did was he called both countries and said `come to the United States and we'll mediate your dispute.' And this caused a drop in the tension between Ethiopia and Egypt,
8325 And then there's also 6 billion dollars from the International Finance Corporation. That's critical because it's private sector financing, it's fast acting and it takes the form of trade finance and working capital finance, which are some of the most needed services that can be provided during this crisis.
8326 Since 2015, the UAE has pushed for legislative reforms, including equal pay and female representation in corporate boardrooms. In Saudi Arabia, laws were changed to protect women from employment discrimination and to prohibit employers from dismissing a woman during pregnancy and maternity leave,
8327 to make the products that the whole world economy is operating on
8328 to use all its available financing instruments to help member countries in need.
8329 Facts & documents are the basis for sound judgements. If you wonder whether the @WHO engaged in a #Chinese cover up exercise, is just incompetent, or both, take a look at the WHO's tweet from Jan 14th,
8330 With the economy shutting down, the cost is going to be absolutely phenomenal,
8331 Everyone would see the wisdom of this simple, easy-to-use calendar,
8332 I saw vestiges of the nightmarish world she had survived. It was an experience that forever altered the course of my life. It was the moment consecrated in time and memory that I sought to make good on doing my part -- however big or however small -- to ensure the promise of `Never Again.' I believed then -- as I do now -- that I had a responsibility as the grandson of Holocaust survivors to keep their stories alive.
8333 what was my responsibility now to continue her story?
8334 They're often nebbishes or Woody Allen or very intellectual. But to have power to reclaim your place and get justice for your ancestors is definitely a wish fulfilment. And that's what Hunters became.
8335 These stories of great good but grand evil, the horrors of which are hard to understand,
8336 borrow from a specific moment in an actual person's life
8337 While `Hunters' is a dramatic narrative series, with largely fictional characters, it is inspired by true events. But it is not documentary,
8338 grand good versus grand evil
8339 professors on both coasts that were helping ensure as much as humanly possible that there is that authenticity
8340 It means that we can go into Saturday's game against Huntingdon looking to get a result and then take things through to the end of the season.
8341 Nehru was not authoritarian, but authoritative,
8342 Congress leaders have to reinvent themselves. Otherwise, we are staring at irrelevance. Our arrogance has to go, even after six years out of power sometimes, some of us behave as if we are still ministers,
8343 all senior Congress leaders, after a certain age, should be mentoring juniors rather than tormenting them
8344 These protests helped the BJP, but it also helped the communal outfits,
8345 There were two Menons out there, Patel's key adviser was VP Menon and Nehru's key adviser was Krishna Menon. Krishna Menon did not like V P Menon and the feeling was mutual. Mountbatten used to get along with both. V P Menon would meet Mountbatten to tell him what Patel thought and Krishna Menon would meet him to tell him what Nehru thought,
8346 We demand the government to allow an unfettered access to Jammu and Kashmir to all politicians and not resort to guided tours for envoys,
8347 No ifs, no buts, well-being is U-shaped in age,
8348 I am looking forward to getting progressively less happy for the next 8 years of my life.
8349 Fortunately, I'm in my 60s and I tell people I'm on the up.
8350 the duration should be much shorter than the Great Depression
8351 But today, it makes little sense for monetary policymakers to insist on additional bond purchases to achieve an elusive inflation target,
8352 deflation in the late nineteenth century was primarily benign,
8353 designed to direct capital flow towards green investments and away from carbon-intensive industries,
8354 If actually in the extreme you look at Italy, or you look at Greece, their per capita income today is lower than it was in 2007. And if you believe the IMF forecasts, in 2024 they'll still be lower than they were in 2007. So that is the setting for this kind of your de-globalization attitude
8355 If Shabbar Zaidi does not recover then we will look for a replacement. His return would be determined by the doctor.
8356 The nation will witness a downfall in prices in coming days,
8357 If you want to have this crisis followed by populist governments, right-wing governments,
8358 is probably good enough,
8359 Until then, we face serious downside risks. This is very different from the post-Lehman and the euro debt crisis when monetary policy -- massive Fed bond buying in early 2009 onwards, Draghi's `whatever it takes' in July 2012 -- made the crucial difference.
8360 The shock to the financial position of the corporate sector may leave lasting scars on investment,
8361 That scenario would entail a 3.5% contraction in 2020 GDP in the Eurozone and a 2.0% fall for the UK before a solid rebound in 2021. The rebound would carry on with above-trend gains in GDP from a still low level in 2022. Ultimately, however, the impact of COVID-19 will be temporary. Increasingly, policymakers are showing that they are ready to do what it takes to avoid a 2008/09-style scenario,
8362 Our two countries have a great deal in common: over the last years, both UAE and Luxembourg moved towards high technology-intensive companies and focused on a shift to a knowledge-based service company. The support of startups is an essential driver for this economic development and diversification through innovation The MoU is enhancing the mutual understanding of the start-up ecosystem of our two countries. Given the many interesting programs the UAE offer to startups, we are seeking to formalize our cooperation and join forces for boosting emerging innovation that benefits to both Luxembourg and the UAE.
8363 restore the trust lost between the authorities and business and talk seriously about reducing costs and excess pressure.
8364 I stress that the tax will only affect income that will be received in 2021, and the tax itself will be payable only in 2022. This year, there is no need to pay tax on such income,
8365 There we laid down a two-fold reduction in the size of insurance premiums for SMEs from 30 to 15% as of April 1, if the employee's salary exceeds the minimum wage,
8366 So we should find a way to increase SDRs or for the Europeans to offer their SDRs as a way out.
8367 The story of the twentieth century has been the race between education and technology..... The reason why human labour has prevailed relates to its ability to adopt and acquire new skills by means of education.
8368 These are not things that are going to create a drag on growth,
8369 THIS IS LITERALLY WHAT HAPPENS,
8370 I mean does Bob Hope do it? Did Bing Crosby do it? Does Mick Jagger do it?
8371 I'm still really enjoying it and I'm loving the energy of the show. We're this fantastic, slightly dysfunctional group of faces that reflect the audience at home.
8372 They give Manchester United their support year after year, and at this time, we are committed to supporting them. Our message to them is clear -- we are all in this together.
8373 We know our fans will not want to miss any games played in the coming months... but clearly we must all play our part in the efforts to combat coronavirus,
8374 Shortly after we concluded the loan signing of Odion Ighalo, he was the top trend worldwide on Twitter,
8375 nothing exciting, nothing terrible outlook
8376 We'll use our authority forcefully and aggressively until we're confident the economy's recovered,
8377 will be monitoring the effects of our recent policy actions along with other information bearing on the outlook as we assess the appropriate path of the target range for the federal funds rate,
8378 People should not be trivialising this disease -- while it is for most a mild to moderate illness, for some it's not,
8379 It is a question of when, not if, we see community transmission in Northern Ireland.
8380 I think we will inevitably see cases at some stage... It should come as no surprise when we get our our first case,
8381 Pope Francis is our greatest mobilizer for decency in the world, and when Pope Francis calls for a Global Compact for Education, let us use the occasion to mobilize the basic financing so that this is real, not only a great idea,
8382 The real battle is not with China but with America's own giant companies, many of which are raking in fortunes while failing to pay their own workers decent wages.
8383 I asked top industry and government officials for evidence of wayward activities by Huawei. I heard repeatedly that Huawei behaves no differently than trusted industry leaders.
8384 Everything else -- economic ramifications and so forth -- have to be secondary because the ferocity of this epidemic is extraordinary.
8385 a great man and a great leader and our most honest and direct politician in this country who has been calling it straight and right for decades, and whose policy positions we need to win.
8386 She never loses sight of the big picture -- what she's learning and how it might contribute to solving vexing issues in our society, particularly as they relate to populations that have been marginalized in one way or another,
8387 The adaptation by John Glore is boldly theatrical, calling for an ensemble of highly-skilled actors to craft fantastical world of Madeline L'Engle as Meg, Calvin and Charles Wallace journey through time and space to save our world.
8388 We pulled away the safety net when it was needed most,
8389 Why? Because it's difficult to have that silver bullet where everyone complies. Of course, as Government, we are enforcing compliance, we are introducing penalties for those who deviate,
8390 but that's expected, that happens when you liberalize a currency,
8391 We realised that some of our Government workers are heavily indebted to loan sharks,
8392 If you are running for president of the United States, you need to be at the table,
8393 In the short term, we are in a kind of war economy in which the state plays a bigger role in coordinating the economy than normally,
8394 issuing a very expensive preferred stock to Berkshire Hathaway.
8395 If we are right, which we believe we are, these actions are unconscionable under any measure,
8396 Private equity goes bankrupt,
8397 We became increasingly positive on equity and credit markets last week, and began the process of unwinding our hedges and redeploying our capital in companies we love at bargain prices,
8398 We became increasingly positive on equity and credit markets last week, and began the process of unwinding our hedges and redeploying our capital in companies we love at bargain prices that are built to withstand this crisis, and which we believe will flourish long term,
8399 By Wednesday, March 18th at 12:30 p.m., when I appeared on CNBC, we had already sold slightly more than half of the notional amount of our CDS, realising a gain of more than $US1.3 billion, with the unrealized portion of our hedge having a market value at that time of $US1.3 billion for a total of $US2.6 billion,
8400 Everyone assumes I would be gushing over the global rollout of working from home,
8401 It depends on whether the Iranians feel they must retaliate against America or against Trump. If it's Trump, then any response may well be timed to affect the 2020 elections.
8402 Global warning is created by the consumption of fossil fuels, not the production of fossil fuels,
8403 We honestly don't know where we are on this. But the idea that this is the end of days is overblown.
8404 `It's shameful that while big business has license to run amok trying to bully or buy politicians... working people have to follow the most onerous of restrictions,
8405 egregious selling out of working people.
8406 there's a Bible verse in the book of James, there's a verse that says, uhhhm, uhhh [ lip smack ] [ long blinking pause ] something, people, [ swallow ] something about `by your words' ah and oh yeah, people won't remember what you say but they'll remember what you do,
8407 It's a think tank, there's plenty of room for all of them. From that side of the spectrum all the way over to Joe Manchin,
8408 This is a marathon, not a sprint. And I have great affection for the folks in Iowa, and I have great affection for the folks in New Hampshire,
8409 Next week, when Rick Engler's term expires, there will be only one board member left,
8410 refrain from relaxing rules until the crisis abates,
8411 These data all show that, over time, we have become much less vulnerable to weather and climate, partly because economic growth has meant that we can afford to better protect ourselves, and partly because technology is so much better now.
8412 The same government that increased the maximum speed and promoted it as one of its national achievements... now lowered the maximum speed. It shows that if you really want to you can do things that have never been done before,
8413 And it's crucial for U.S. national security because the pre-Trump policies recklessly transferred so much in the way of resources and defense-related technology to an increasingly hostile and aggressive China.
8414 It was not only a strong report across the board, but those strong totals included a strong capital spending number.
8415 Not only should it's provisions be put into effect right now to address current supply chain gaps, but also to ensure that in future pandemics, America has the supplies it needs,
8416 As thousands of Furness people walk into work again tomorrow. I ask the question is Furness General Hospital going to be big enough or will a large section of our community end up in temporary beds in the empty school halls?
8417 cleared to play the game,
8418 I offered less money and now, two and a half years later at Terra Firma, 50 per cent of the people who were there in 2017 have left. We have forged a new vision and a new mission and while we have not quite got it right yet, people are far happier.
8419 If you overdo it, you panic everybody. If you underdo it, they get complacent. You have to be careful,
8420 We're being very, very careful to make sure we have scientifically valid modeling that's drawing properly on the epidemic and what's known about the virus,
8421 Local NGOs had demonstrated convincingly that the metro train sheds could be built elsewhere, without ecological losses to Aarey, but it seemed that the temptation of land-grab from nature was apparently too much. This is a familiar story in India and elsewhere,
8422 Today's youth are determined to change humanity from being planetary locusts to being planetary stewards,
8423 Muslim students who were fasting during the month of Ramadan -- the school should make opportunities for them if they don't want to be in the cafeteria during the lunch hour, but want to be in the library or something like that,
8424 Putin is known for not submitting to pressure,
8425 The federal government, with respect to the U.S. Clean Water Act, took the position that the previous wetland studies were not reliable enough for use in assessing the benefits and cost of protecting wetlands,
8426 Wetlands play a critical role in helping to reduce property damage from storms,
8427 There is confidential information circulating in the Bank for quite a long time,
8428 We are in the business of allowing unalloyed, unarmed truth to have the final word, we are in the business to ensure Julian's sentence will end neither with a bang or with a whimper, but with a magnificent full stop,
8429 We're seeing more and more reimbursement is trending toward [ the managed care model ], so I'm not certain those market strategies will be the dominating force moving forward.
8430 epic political battles and major constitutional reforms
8431 I think the more victims come out and show their face -- `Hey I'm a real person, I'm not just Jane Doe,' you know, maybe the DA will listen to that,
8432 It depends on how the emerging young leaders mature: Amartya
8433 It is necessary to emphasise the subtleties of the innovative forces of the opposition... We need to know more about what I am protesting about. The head must also join with the heart in protest,
8434 I am very much worried that where it happened is the capital of the country and is centrally governed.
8435 You (UP CM) have declared yourself mandatory to wear masks since yesterday. Please ensure distribution of war-level masks and sanitizers and people should be told clearly where and how they will get masks and sanitizers,
8436 They're going to get that feeling of togetherness through this awful, incredible, inexplainable time that we're living in,
8437 Why work when one is better off not working financially and health wise?
8438 Powell's statement is a strong signal that the Fed is about to cut rates, and it is highly likely that this will be a series of cuts,
8439 2020 is a year of uncertainty due to the global outlook, nevertheless sub-Saharan West Africa region is on track for a growth recovery with the biggest opportunities for Nigeria.
8440 Announcement is still a tightening of liquidity and near-term, we would expect market interest rates to adjust to this.
8441 Congress saw Rahul as the natural leader of the party and wanted him to take a larger role. In this situation, as soon as Rahul expressed his opposition to the ordinance, senior Congress politicians, who had earlier supported the proposed ordinance in the Cabinet and even defended it publicly, promptly changed their position,
8442 I thought about it for a while and said I did not think a resignation was appropriate. I wondered then, whether I was simply saying what I thought he would like to hear but on reflection I am convinced I gave him honest advice,
8443 It's time for the SEC to take a deep dive on the proxy advisory industry,
8444 These are particularly stressful times in which to work in healthcare and their continued service under difficult circumstances is a great source of pride to Specsavers,
8445 We're focusing on the Last Miles, the invisible schools. We have conducted an inventory of all these schools and we hope by the end of the Duterte administration, we will have attended to the needs of these last-mile schools and give them the same level of attention we give to our urban schools,
8446 I remember after 2007, 2008 when the interest rate on regular deposits in banks went down so much that a lot of young people, in particular in the U.S., said, `Why should I save?
8447 How many in the last month have exercised less than they think they should? How many of you in the last month have not slept enough?
8448 It's now, in the short term, showing that the government has got a grip on the possible economic consequences of COVID-19.
8449 In six months' time you may ask whether to keep some restrictions at some economic cost because a vaccine might come along, or say we should live with it as long as it's contained and controlled and just deal with localised outbreaks and accept the negative health consequences. That'd be a reasonable public health debate to have in six months -- but not now.
8450 The government has to show that [ its plans ] are not just fluff and political nonsense. That there is real policy beyond reopening a few rail lines, cutting a few ribbons and the sort of big projects that Johnson loves to announce.
8451 The Fed and the Treasury can't protect everyone to the same degree.
8452 The industry has faced multiple challenges over the last 25 years and its resilience and ability to rise to these challenges and adapt is remarkable. Providing progressive beef farmers with the tools to make their businesses more productive and efficient, alongside measures to improve on farm emissions to help fight climate change, is yet another chapter in this story and is potentially game changing
8453 I think that it's important that we work with other institutions,
8454 It is said India reforms only in crisis,
8455 Look I think it is a time of emergency. I am an Indian citizen and I am very, very, closely engaged in seeing what is happening to India and worry about it every day. An Indian citizen when called upon will do what is necessary in a time of need so I don't think that's an issue.
8456 I hope what we have got is the best available (plan), but I don't want to second guess, because I don't know the details,
8457 In these troublesome times, let us work together to make India that shining example of tolerance and respect that our founders envisioned, a beacon once more for a weary world. Let that be our task for the new decade.
8458 That isn't a bailout, that's lending against good collateral,
8459 With India being strong in services and not manufacturing, the country will have to give some to get some.
8460 I will continue to work with Openreach to ensure this happens.
8461 Often, when people face debilitating illness or very difficult life events, suicide may come to their minds. Does she agree that at such times, we should provide better mental health support, psychological support and counselling to enable people to come to terms with their feelings and look much more positively towards their abilities and the contribution they make?
8462 We don't have objections.
8463 A partial recovery is projected for 2021, with above-trend growth rates, but the level of GDP will remain below the pre-virus trend, with considerable uncertainty about the strength of the rebound,
8464 it is very important that this does not become a future where we reverse all the gains that we've got from globalization.
8465 A more subdued growth forecast for India... accounts for the lion's share of the downward revisions,
8466 For the first time since the Great Depression, both the advanced economies and emerging and developing economies are in a recession,
8467 a global effort must ensure that when therapies and vaccines are developed for Covid-19 both rich and poor nations alike have immediate access.
8468 While we have had positive news with the U.S.-China `phase one' trade deal, there's obviously a lot more that still needs to be done,
8469 Especially in this time of a challenged Sino-Canadian relationship, we look forward to John assisting our Canadian clients doing business in China and working with the business community to foster business-to-business contacts leading to opportunities in both China and Canada.
8470 The German economy is starting the year in a cautious mood,
8471 The Great Depression, for one thing, lasted 12 years. It came from human problems, monetary and financial shocks that hit the system, hit the global system,
8472 It is possible there's going to be a very sharp, short, I hope short, recession in the next quarter because everything is shutting down of course,
8473 We hope this will open up additional avenues for CPSEs (Central Public Sector Enterprises) to raise funds through a new class of investors, including retail and foreign portfolio investors,
8474 Let me reiterate that he (Sanjay Nathalal Shah) has no other association with the Edelweiss Group, nor is he in any way related to me; you will appreciate that Shah is a common name,
8475 We project global profits to experience a roughly 70 per cent peak-to-trough decline in 2020,
8476 We project global profits to experience a roughly 70% peak-to-trough decline in 2020,
8477 We're thrilled that Katy is extending her trip to perform in regional Victoria. It will be incredibly exciting for communities which have had a really tough summer and recognise the outstanding efforts of our emergency services.
8478 A lot of businesses know their revenue isn't going back to February levels by the beginning of May, so they might be better off using other provisions of the CARES Act, like the expanded unemployment benefits,
8479 It reminds us to take a moment and think about the kind of strides women have made in the labor market,
8480 Similarly, even with no major changes in crop varieties, research is always responding to changes in the diseases that affect plants.
8481 They include the disruption of global supply chains,
8482 There has been barely any reduction in inequality, which continues to have a negative effect on peace and security. We need collaboration in research and advocacy from our institutions to ensure that we can tackle the challenges of climate change, food insecurity, disease outbreaks and the push for industrialisation that will help us meet the SDGs,
8483 This gun violence is striking to close to home everywhere,
8484 He had lived here more than 50 years and before that had visited Lima often with his parents, while his family lived in Waynesfield,
8485 This is a new impetus for our business. We'll be able to actively contribute to consolidating the French market and launching our European expansion, but also investing in innovative solutions to improve the efficiency of care pathways in the face of new challenges posed by connected healthcare and telehealth.
8486 a lower rate and a more protracted period of looser monetary policy
8487 Based on new GDP forecasts, we project that nearly 20 million workers will be laid off or furloughed by July, with losses in every state,
8488 There's no reason to wait a week because you can start getting those benefits a soon as possible. It's good for you, it's good for the economy.
8489 It's a little bit like, when you discover sex can be dangerous, you don't come out and say, `There should be no more sex.' You should give people guidance on how to have sex less dangerously.
8490 The free media missed the story, and missed challenging the story being propounded in paid-for media partly because it found it awkward to talk about the overriding issue of the paid-for-media story, which was money,
8491 The [ government's ] priority has to be to find a way to soften the pain both for households and informal workers.
8492 There may not be anyone there to help them becom e a composer,
8493 To continue to ensure strong governance, we are pleased to create a temporary Board committee that will build on our regular evaluation of Twitter's leadership structure. This committee, which I will chair, will provide a fresh look at our various structures, and report the findings to our Board on an ongoing basis,
8494 We felt like we were being restricted from just offering advice to people,
8495 You're going to end up somewhere in between the two and so it's kind of posturing, you're taking a position so that you hope that the final endpoint will end up closer to your position than the other party's position,
8496 Countries that are serious about using carbon markets to increase ambition should move forward to set their own strong rules for high-integrity international emissions trading, paving the way for faster, deeper cuts in GHGs,
8497 Dharshini has exceptional credentials for this job which we've created to provide a global perspective on trade for our international and domestic audiences,
8498 I create my own little world, all these various economic actors. And we do scenarios and simulations.
8499 The difference is fed funds were 4.75%; today it's 1.62%. And back then we had budget surplus and we've got a 5% budget deficit,
8500 If you look at what happened in 2003, estimates range from [ reducing GDP in China ] by 0.5% to 2%, half a percent for Southeast Asia, and the stock markets sold off double digits,
8501 We are renegotiating the Government's contribution towards the fund (but) it's tough,
8502 I saw the impact that it was having for folks that are going into an environment that you can't control.
8503 In Keynesian macro-models, increased budget deficits spur both nominal and real gross domestic product,
8504 Judging by past episodes it's likely that the impact will ultimately be temporary,
8505 Mr Churchill was fully co-operative with the police and entered a guilty plea today.
8506 on the scrapheap of Irish politics
8507 The ECB has to listen to citizens and get a sense of what are the effects
8508 You might ask why that hasn't happened in Wuhan,
8509 In the last three years, the company has aggressively expanded its historically California-based portfolio with large acquisitions in Washington, Colorado and Texas. The company plans to add to its portfolio in Washington State and Colorado in 2020.
8510 Since 3 a.m., in some areas it rained half of what was expected for the month of February,
8511 The Supreme Court decision is a welcome development to us. It reaffirms our belief that we are in the right path when we stand to defend that marriage is just and must be confined between man and woman. It is not only the divine will of God, it is also the standing spirit and will of the laws of our land,
8512 There is a widespread panic over coronavirus. I went to at least 24 hotels but none of them was ready to give me a room. At a loss, I went to a police station hoping to get their help. The cops there were kind enough to provide me with a room at a government guest house,
8513 a shared belief that the team is safe for interpersonal risk-taking.
8514 Apart from a demand-supply mismatch, owing to availability of Nepal tea, the demand from quality buyers has fallen as well,
8515 In the last 40 years, the world saw a steady decline in the relative demand for labour,
8516 The momentum is going in the direction of softening rules, generally,
8517 I think it's important to contribute to the society in our small, kind of modest way,
8518 In a turbulent world, the U.S. used to be a rock of stability,
8519 It is time to move forward to the next stage of negotiations, and while we are sad to see the UK leave the EU, it is now important to concentrate on fostering a positive, constructive future relationship.
8520 It may involve breaking ties between roughly equal applicants. But if a school is making major concessions to a less-qualified applicant, that's difficult to justify.
8521 It's clear the Alberta government is committed to red tape reduction,
8522 She's the most intersectional candidate. She understands what intersectional actually means, and as a disabled person that's important to me,
8523 Private Equity in Healthcare: Who Wins, Who Loses?
8524 What he hasn't shown is that his tariff-based strategy can generate a revival in U.S. manufacturing.
8525 China has agreed to disclose material that it is already disclosing.
8526 An Agriculture Bill that puts improving the environment at its core is to be applauded, but we desperately need to understand if future UK trading arrangements will help or hinder the opportunities offered within it,
8527 could provide information for assessing the cost effectiveness of air pollution interventions in other high income countries such as the United Kingdom, Canada, and Germany,
8528 Despite low interest rates, the fiscal outlook is generally worrisome. In the past, the deficit spiked only on a temporary basis -- during recessions. Now, although the economy has grown for 10 years in a row and is near full employment, the deficit is high and, without any policy changes, will remain elevated... Over the longer term, rising payments for Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and interest on debt will make government spending grow much faster than revenue, adding even further to our deficits.
8529 After 9/11, people were not afraid to come back to eat,
8530 I recommend, given the cover-up, which exacerbated the injury, pain and suffering globally, as well as avoidable deaths, that China's ownership of debts in every country - for example the USD1.2 T in China's ownership of our T-Bills - be cancelled,
8531 We are going to see global supply lines become domestic. Ricardo
8532 primarily up to other policymakers
8533 The CD&RR continues to transition technologies from the JMR-TD effort to the FLRAA weapons system design. We will be conducting analysis to refine the requirements, conceptual designs, and acquisition approach. Ultimately, this information and industry feedback are vital to understanding the performance, cost, affordability, schedule risks and trades needed to successfully execute the FLRAA program.
8534 There may be an increase in unintentional harm.
8535 While this support could prove lasting in [ the second half of 2020 ], the accompanying supply cuts would remain much too small to offset the current 8 million bpd hit on demand from coronavirus.
8536 At Hong Kong Disneyland, we currently estimate the closure of the park could have an additional adverse impact to operating income of about US$ 40 million for the second quarter.
8537 because Ripple owns a lot of them.
8538 It's a rich document and it really challenges us to be missionary disciples.
8539 The vacancy levels in CBD have remained < 6% due to which the rentals have moved up significantly in the last couple of years. Currently rent for grade-A space ranges between  150 and  175 per sq. ft per month, and land values vary between  25,000 and  50,000 per sq. ft,
8540 the whole landscape has been burned around us
8541 How is the U.S. going to handle this? We don't really know,
8542 Pakistan is on an explosive coronavirus trajectory and needs to take immediate, bold and clear-headed steps to protect its people and the economy,
8543 Right now, grocery stores are missing many crucial items, such as milk, bread, potatoes, and basic medical supplies that consumers are now forced to find by visiting two or more retail outlets, sometimes without success,
8544 In those days, `compromise' was not a dirty word in the eyes of most members of Congress.
8545 By our estimates, U.S. light vehicle sales were up 1-2% on a daily selling rate basis in the first 15 days of March,
8546 Kuznets played an instrumental role in founding the Economic Growth Center at Yale,
8547 These transactions increasingly replace ATMs, particularly for millennials and Gen Z,
8548 We build packages we think are the best way to solve problems, or best for the most people to learn R,
8549 You said President Trump is being embraced in Davos?
8550 You want to be long the gold market, short the stock market, and long the bond market,
8551 Coal is being pushed out not only by renewable energy, there is an additional price competition with while carbon emissions permit prices are rising,
8552 The $1,000 income support stipulated per person is not a sensible plan,
8553 The international outbreak of COVID-19 has been met with encouraging mutual support from many countries, but unfortunately, xenophobia and anti-global tendencies have also become more apparent than ever,
8554 At a time when the world depends on their leadership to affirm solidarity, it is regrettable that some world leaders such as US president Donald Trump have only further stirred negative sentiment, joining fearmongers in making incendiary comments like dubbing the COVID-19 novel coronavirus `the Chinese virus' on Twitter,
8555 We've got the water and sewer lines, so it's pretty much waiting on them,
8556 And their health and safety is imperative to my safety.
8557 Dealing with the trade-off is a key challenge confronting policy-makers,
8558 Peak oil will not happen before 2040 because even if light vehicles go electric there will be increased demand from aviation, ships and trucks as well as the petrochemical industry. That may be good news for the Middle East, but it's bad news for the planet.
8559 The youthful Goodwick band once again showed that they are building another generation of players to be proud of.
8560 They got marked down from where we bought them, further and further down, and it was pretty hard to have the intestinal fortitude (to hold on to them),
8561 Finally, and I think belatedly, the wheels... of U.S. machinery -- industry, government, the central bank, everybody -- is going to be wheeling together, and when those wheels begin turning, I think we're going to see all kinds of things.
8562 It's probably a little too early to see the jump in unemployment. The market is expecting unemployment to go from 5.1 per cent in February to around 5.5 per cent, so not a dreadful number,
8563 models that incorrectly over-estimate GDP growth by 2.7% for India post-2011 also misestimate GDP growth over the same period for 51 out of 95 countries in the sample
8564 That is condition and it is not 5 percent, it is 2.5 percent,
8565 Using a cross-country, generalized difference-in-difference model with fixed effects, the analysis demonstrate the lack of any concrete evidence in favour of a misestimated Indian GDP,
8566 We are turning on its head the story we've been telling each other for the last two years, namely that Europe was bad and the U.S. was good,
8567 less than a stellar start
8568 The project may be hampered a little [ if things do not improve ].
8569 To the creators of such falsehoods, we offer a simple message: STOP,
8570 trust the statistics on GDP growth or on inflation.
8571 aren't doing anything about it.
8572 As in, `He's a stats guy' or `He's a policy guy,
8573 for all our individualism, we need a government that performs basic functions.
8574 Just because it's public doesn't make it perfect.
8575 These appointments emphasise the group's commitment to our pan-African and global network, our huge retail client base and our operational infrastructure. We are focused on improving our efficiency and further strengthening our pan-African mission, using the extraordinary pool of talent and experience available in the group.
8576 We can have at most two of these three things,
8577 Well, this is the seventh step. First, it must be ensured that no more weapons are exported to this region. That would already be an essential step.
8578 All the most employment-intensive sectors like agriculture, employment guarantee, food, health, education, there are cuts.
8579 He's not going to listen to them,
8580 In government-guaranteed credit, Israel is somewhat more modest than other countries. It is definitely a step in the right direction, but we need to see the details of eligibility for credit.
8581 lower ambition for emission reduction
8582 The choice is: Do entrepreneurs want to have large, institutional, partnership-focused money that will be available to help them grow?
8583 The global epidemic is spreading rapidly. It's urgent for all countries to strengthen international coordination in macro policies such as public health policy, trade policy, fiscal and monetary policy,
8584 I think by the time we get to Easter we are going to probably see about 1.5 to 1.8 million job losses due to stand downs. That would see the unemployment rate soar from 5.1 per cent as of February to somewhere above, between 15 and 17 per cent.
8585 Kartini has been a longstanding key member of PNB's senior management team, driving PNB's major merger and acquisition exercises. She has also been instrumental in fostering a strong rapport with PNB's investee companies,
8586 Whole sectors of the economy are contracting,
8587 and in some measures, have no effects at all.
8588 block grants are just a Republican trick to slash spending without appearing to do so.
8589 But they'll be less intense and more dispersed. You'll no longer have to choose between unaffordable, overcrowded cities and incredibly boring countryside. There will be a more attractive middle ground.
8590 I think the predictions of a quick economic collapse were too optimistic,
8591 The most transformative option for improving payments is a peer-to-peer arrangement that links payers and payees directly and minimises the number of intermediaries,
8592 These brands are going to be successful for almost forever because they were the first to occupy the number spot in the mind,
8593 They may unlock new opportunities for efficiency and inclusion, but this can only happen with the appropriate infrastructure and guardrails.
8594 We're so far beyond democratic practice when people are talking about purely partisan judges, and when the Justice Department is being run by the President of the United States, we're talking about a monarchy or something like it.
8595 encourage provider competition by making sure that hospital and provider consolidation isn't too great.
8596 For decades, economists had this view that burdens could quote - `help' separate out those that are what one calls truly disadvantaged versus those who might be more marginally needy,
8597 It's clearly a big deal. Even if it's contained, it will be significant to the global economy.
8598 The most important thing right now is to listen to the advice of our doctors and scientists in public health.
8599 We have always asked what Turkey is doing in the Middle Eastern swamp. We have 122 martyrs in Syria. For what reason?
8600 a whole host of structures and systems that jeopardize the possibility of a future that they believe might be far more just.
8601 Adele and I learned that we tested positive for COVID-19. We started experiencing symptoms on Sunday -- first coughs then fevers, chills, and muscle aches -- and contacted our doctors on Monday. We were tested yesterday and just received the results a few minutes ago,
8602 That really saved me from something worse,
8603 to support the institution, to support our students, and to support our faculty... not to accomplish some other ends.
8604 good news -- if there is any to be had.
8605 They're endorsing Harvard, Harvard is not endorsing them.
8606 I believe it is partly due to the fact that people simply cannot afford [ houses ] and therefore they are putting second thought as to whether they want to move into Boise,
8607 People who advised clients to list in March and April, well, now they're saying don't list in the current environment.
8608 Home sales will decline this spring season because of unique economic and social consequences resulting from the coronavirus outbreak, but much of the activity looks to reappear later in the year,
8609 So, it is no wonder that those living in the West would think that now is a perfect time to place a home on the market. California especially is seeing some of the highest prices ever.
8610 I look forward to joining forces to utilize our collective capacity towards combating this pandemic,
8611 The agenda of silencing the guns must be dealt with in a comprehensive manner,
8612 Without urgent, ambitious and historic action, we could easily see the biggest humanitarian crisis since World War Two... We can only beat this pandemic if we act in solidarity with every country and for every person. No one is safe until we are all safe.
8613 If you want to get a sense of what that means, my estimate is that if you could turn the clock back to 2000, if you could return the market to the degree of competition we had 20 years ago, you would essentially increase the income of the median family by about $5,000 a year.
8614 In the first instance, this will consist of taking on some of the global coalition's current training activities. Ministers also agreed to explore what more we can do,
8615 The Taliban has to demonstrate a real will and ability to deliver a reduction in violence to make it possible to have any progress towards a lasting and sustainable peace solution in Afghanistan,
8616 We will continue to work closely to have close dialogue with the Iraqi government.
8617 We have made some adjustments to exercises. We have cancelled some exercises, we have adjusted other exercises, but that doesn't undermine our operational readiness. We continue to patrol the skies and defend our borders and continue our missions and operations,
8618 So Iran must refrain from further violence and provocations.
8619 Defender Europe is not directed against any particular country,
8620 No other NATO ally is more affected by the crisis in Syria than Turkey,
8621 indiscriminate air strikes by the Syrian regime and Russia,
8622 make sure a health crisis does not become a security crisis.
8623 remain to be seen whether there is still a lot of room for improvement
8624 That Nehru opened up to him like no one else was evident. He went out of his way to protect Krishna Menon from his own foibles and ultimately paid the price for it. This is part of Indian political history. But why Nehru continued to be loyal after accounting for their remarkable and intense friendship of almost thirty years is puzzling,
8625 That he was a hugely impactful envoy for India in the UK between 1947 and 1950 can stand up to scrutiny. That he unravelled many knotty issues at the UN especially between 1952 and 1957 is also clear,
8626 I don't understand what Shaheen Bagh people are protesting about. Are they worried that their citizenship is going to be taken away from them. That is a legitimate fear. Then they should agitate against NPR and NRC. Why are they only agitating against CAA,
8627 If you want to do something for (the cause of) global warming, become a vegetarian. Because I think the beef industry has been a huge culprit in global warming. Two things - a large amount of land are taken up. As you know, cattle population emit methane which is a more powerful greenhouse gas than even carbondioxide.
8628 The virus is bringing considerable human pain. It is also resulting in significant economic disruption from quarantines, restrictions on travel, factory closures and a sharp decline in many service sector activities,
8629 In the same way that central banks can review their monetary policy framework, I think businesses after this outbreak will likely look at how they are managing their stock, how they are organizing their production throughout the world.
8630 We have production levels dropping on the order of 25 to 30% across all of the countries
8631 They'll be very understanding,
8632 If the virus and the medical response roughly follow this script, then businesses should be largely reopened by the third quarter of this year, resulting in a double-digit bounce in real GDP growth,
8633 That was just fear about the uncertainty. So this is unprecedented, nothing like it.
8634 Now that we have a truce in the trade war,
8635 The reduced leverage that workers have -- the decline in unionization, the declining value of the federal minimum wage.
8636 There's a very fine distinction between a `war bond' and a 10-year Treasury that is yielding what it is now,
8637 We've hit a wall. The economy is in free-fall,
8638 The economy stuck exactly to the script that economists thought it would,
8639 They are throwing everything they've got at this. My sense is they must be nervous about the credit system not functioning properly. They are trying to shore up confidence.
8640 That's the average rate of growth we've been getting throughout the expansion,
8641 Covid-19 will need to break through the job market firewall if it is to do significant damage to the economy,
8642 We have got a new dawn here, a new opportunity,
8643 following our meeting with Bank of Ireland and trade unions today we are encouraged by the willingness of all parties and the determination of all parties to reach a solution which avoids examinership or liquidation
8644 If we are to make real progress on continuing the reduction of fatalities on our roads, we need to address the central problem of speeding.
8645 went 99% of the way to say that the government wouldn't allow the FAI to go into examinership or insolvency
8646 people should not and do no need to worry about these things
8647 Businesses in the tourism, hospitality, and leisure sectors have gone from concern to alarm to panic,
8648 They want to know why someone has taken their Daddy away from them and at the very least they deserve those answers.
8649 between  160 million and  200 million
8650 The funding will have strict conditions attached to it,
8651 re-examine certain findings of the draft final report
8652 a clear recognition of Somalia's sustained commitment to key economic and financial reforms
8653 The stock rally on Tuesday released a good signal that investor sentiment has improved, although it will still take time for confidence to be completely restored,
8654 For example, coming with the unified tax system, and the demonetisation that took place. These are steps that over time are beneficial, but of course they might, might be somewhat disruptive over a short term,
8655 One issue which we did not face in the 1920s but which we face urgently today is climate change. It is often the poor and most vulnerable populations who bear the brunt of this unfolding existential challenge.
8656 We recognize that other scenarios could be significantly more impactful,
8657 have reaffirmed their commitment to the reform policies included in the current arrangement.
8658 The immediate impact is obvious. We have travel, tourism, manufacturing in China and a little bit beyond China may initially be impacted. China has taken very dramatic actions to restrict the spread of the virus and work is underway on a vaccine. So, let's say for this quarter there will very likely be a negative impact. What would happen beyond this quarter we must observe and assess,
8659 There may be a cut that we are still hoping would be in the 0.1 to 0.2 percentage space,
8660 We are faced with a generalized weakening in demand, and that goes through confidence and through spillover channels, including trade and tourism, commodity prices, tightened financial conditions.
8661 We have to see more action going beyond monetary policy to boost growth,
8662 After a synchronized slowdown in 2019, we expect a moderate pick-up in global growth this year and next,
8663 Minister Guzman and I had a very fruitful exchange of views on the country's challenges, and the path forward to ensure a more sustainable and inclusive growth for Argentina,
8664 I urge other member countries to follow the UK's leadership in contributing to the CCRT. By working together, we can overcome the global challenge facing us and restore growth and prosperity for all.
8665 we are asking for one thing only: Please pay your doctors and nurses, make sure that your health systems are functioning, and that your vulnerable people and first [ responders ] are protected,
8666 poorest and most vulnerable members.
8667 While some uncertainties -- like disease -- are out of our control, we should not create new uncertainties where we can avoid it.
8668 The U.S. decision to speed up approval of its substantial new contributions to the IMF is a powerful message to the international community and helps solidify the IMF's US$ 1 trillion lending capacity. It comes at a crucial time as the whole world fights COVID-19 and demand for IMF resources is high
8669 We see eye to eye on the need to restore the economy and to address the increase in poverty that has affected negatively many Argentines.
8670 We've never seen the world economy standing still. Now we do,
8671 Let's remember if there is a country in Europe that has fiscal space, Germany is that country,
8672 After I came here there were people closer to my age.
8673 bring insight, verve and energy to one of the defining stories of the 2020s
8674 Ha ha ha ha POLICE!
8675 I intend to retire as solo artist after album no3 as I have just had a call from my brother begging me to start Oasis again in 2022 if you believe in life after love c'm on you know LG x [ sic ].
8676 You just look at him and you go -- even though he's cleaned up his s *** and all that -- he just looks f *** ing like he's close to the bone.
8677 Wan na clear a few things up oasis gig for NHS charity as in all money raised goes to NHS not to me will happen with or with out Noel Gallagher it may not be the same but trust me it'll still blow you knickers off as you were LG.
8678 Well he might as well as there no point in plugging his pile of s ** t,
8679 Wahey we're getting back together Noel Gallagher being minted and rich as f *** he's doing it for nothing me being a desperate **** and have f *** all else going for himself I'm doing it for the cash.
8680 It may not be the same [ without Noel ], but trust me, it'll still blow you knickers off. As you were LG x.
8681 The only way this lockdown can get any worse is if the ice cream vans start booting round the streets blasting Rkid's [ Noel's ] new tunes.
8682 In particular, we're targeting the yield on three-year Australian Government securities and we have set this target at around 0.25 per cent. It's the same as the cash rate.
8683 Risk premiums have gone up and, in some cases, hurdle rates of return are too sticky.
8684 We need to remember that it is possible to have too much of a good thing. We are aware of the risk of low-interest rates encouraging too much borrowing and driving excessive asset valuations. So we will continue to watch borrowing, in particular, very carefully.
8685 they are also bringing forward the day when households feel comfortable to lift their spending again
8686 We find that housing prices in more expensive areas are more sensitive to changes in interest rates than in cheaper areas,
8687 I understand why many people will view this as quantitative easing -- or QE,
8688 We enjoy a standard of living in this country that very few countries in the world enjoy. More of us have jobs than ever before. We live in a fantastic, prosperous wealthy country, and I think we should remember that.
8689 I've got three teenage children, and so it was good to spend time with them,
8690 Our main concern is we need to stay open for the health care and hospital staff,
8691 scared that the economics of the ongoing shutdown are unsustainable.
8692 She knows all her patients and their families, and nothing is ever too much trouble or too timely. Her beautiful smile, nurturing nature, uplifting spirit and her excellent clinical knowledge and abilities makes her an amazing woman.
8693 We are in dialogue with China among other key countries to obtain help with the rapid manufacture and delivery of many of these supplies and are grateful for their positive responses so far,
8694 Most effective is if it's broad and brings in many countries.
8695 I thank our international partners who have worked with us to bring Somalia to this important stage. Today was an important step towards Somalia resuming financing from international financial institutions, including the International Development Agency (IDA), our fund for the poorest countries.
8696 The point is to move fast; speed is needed to save lives,
8697 The poorest and most vulnerable countries will likely be hit the hardest, and our teams around the world remain focused on country-level and regional solutions to address the ongoing crisis,
8698 we could do even better
8699 From a Zimbabwe perspective, the takeaways from Davos are: `Zimbabwe is Open for Business' , this mantra was well captured by the event we hosted in Zurich focusing on investing in Zimbabwe and the opportunities that are available,
8700 If Zimbabwe is dying, Bulawayo is already dead.
8701 What happens to the next generation?
8702 The crisis is almost invisible for those with a college degree,
8703 When the United States was negotiating trade agreements with China we didn't pay nearly enough attention to issues like human rights, labor rights, health care, transparency, or environmental rights,
8704 data is there to buy and sell. For Europe data is private property. For China data belongs to the state and the Party.
8705 He didn't look up, he just said `Come here and work on this' .
8706 a state of partial undress
8707 more careful with people's personal space, but there was no intention whatsoever to offend.
8708 reasonably believed [ them ] to be consenting throughout
8709 From where I stand now, I wish I had been more careful with people's personal space, but there was no intention whatsoever to offend,
8710 I am appalled that communication between the administration and the police would be so delayed that ill-treatment of students could go on for quite some time without being prevented by forces of law and order. That the establishment of the university cannot prevent outsiders from coming in and creating such bloody violence within the campus,
8711 Friendship is, in fact, central to the development of knowledge.
8712 I wasn't addressing the present political situation in India -- the theme of my talk was `barriers to friendship' , either between nations or within nations, because sectarian and communal conflicts have their bad effect on political and social life. They can also make the development of knowledge and the spread of knowledge much harder,
8713 using religion for this kind of discrimination
8714 I don't think the policymakers and taxpayers should be making risk takers completely risk neutral.
8715 Protests (are) planned across 300 cities tomorrow against India visit of Jeff Bezos,
8716 If we do not pass it, the world will disintegrate, and be incapable to deliver on all the other challenges we have as an interconnected society, such as climate change and social inclusion. The objective of this global effort should not only be to fight the virus, but to alleviate its dire economic and social consequences.
8717 The speed of current breakthroughs has no historical precedent, and is evolving at an exponential, rather than a linear, pace, disrupting almost every industry in every country,
8718 this sense of urgency into the meeting.
8719 We cannot be complacent, we must give the concept of stakeholder response meaning in real life.
8720 I've heard it described as a winter, not a blizzard. It is an unusual type of emergency that will be with us for some weeks and potentially months.
8721 But we had to do the job and we had to do it right.
8722 new virtual training to support businesses operating in this new and unsettling environment,
8723 We found Dave on the floor, lying by the elliptical machine, his face slightly blue and turned to the left, a small pool of blood under his head. We all screamed. I started CPR. Rob took over from me. A doctor came and took over from him.
8724 Of course we worry about it, we have to be worried about all the innovation,
8725 This is like the biggest decision you can make in your personal life,
8726 Pressure on the banking system is growing and higher defaults on debt are imminent. And many now expect a shock to the financial sector similar in magnitude to the 2008 crisis,
8727 Taking a longer-term view,... the easing of global financial conditions so late in the economic cycle and the continued buildup of financial vulnerabilities - including the rise in asset valuations to stretched levels in some markets and countries, the rise in debt, and large capital flows to emerging markets-could threaten growth in the medium term,
8728 Bank deposits are a form of safer asset, like digital cash.
8729 The study's researchers offered several possible reasons for the program's lack of success, including a lack of follow-up home visits or doctor's appointments or insufficient resources,
8730 The various regions are having their regional athletic meets which will lead to the Palarong Pambansa, which is really the huge athletic event of the entire country. So, these are scheduled in March and April,
8731 Some children do not have access to the internet, so this is not possible in all places. But our technical people are thinking of ways to conduct [ classes remotely ] even without internet connectivity,
8732 There's a tsunami coming and people are still playing on the beach.
8733 Our decision to unwind our hedges was driven by the less favorable risk-reward ratio offered by our credit hedges as spreads widened, and the much more favorable risk-reward ratio presented by the then-trading values of companies in which we bought shares.
8734 America will end as we know it. I'm sorry to say so, unless we take this option,
8735 made a `recovery bet '
8736 While it is hard to be positive when we know that tens of thousands more will die and many more will get severely sick, I have no choice but to be more optimistic about the intermediate future based on the data and facts I have seen recently. I hope I am right,
8737 I'm sorry to say so, unless we take this option.
8738 The economy will recover quickly if we can shut down the virus. And the way to shut down the virus is the ultimate in social distancing, i.e. a total country shutdown.
8739 This will become a new topic in political science: checks and balances by governors in a Federal System.
8740 Until now, the world's multilateral bodies have gone along with China's pressure that Taiwan be excluded. But it has come at a cost to all of us, starting in this case, to China. Now it's time that we tell China, there is a place for discussing geopolitics. The World Health Organization is not it,
8741 We see a significant opportunity for expansion of our private equity franchise in Europe and we believe Stephane is perfectly suited to collaborate with our existing, leading businesses in the region and execute upon our growth plans,
8742 You can hear it around us. And there's a lot more work to go. But we feel really good about where we are in getting everything prepared.
8743 Every year the Super Bowl is unique. It's the Super Bowl. You have different... challenges.
8744 As this does not have the normal characteristics of a global demand slowdown, there is little reason to believe that the traditional relationship between African growth and global growth will hold,
8745 In our minds, we have a lot we want to do with the branding and the fan experience that really can't happen until we come to the city,
8746 It will take some time to get it back down, and we'll see a big hit to output growth in the second quarter because we've shut the economy down.
8747 It's not like [ manufacturers ] have a lot of surge capacity they can suddenly bring on. They can maybe work a little bit longer, but most of those plants run 7 by 24 anyways,
8748 She was keen there were speeches, by Greta Thunberg and Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez and made sure I didn't get lost in dull detail.
8749 The ASEAN Secretariat is still calculating how much is needed, but the proposal is to take 10 percent of the total of the two sources,
8750 Then it's probably at risk that people might get into this business just to be paid to stop doing it.
8751 All of the video goes through the same algorithm to do all of the detection, whereas when you're using CCTV, you're using a number of different operators who have a personal bias to what they're doing,
8752 It does start communities talking to each other and doing something together. That's something a lot of communities in the U.S. have forgotten.
8753 Reagan did not believe in mutually assured destruction. He would not press the button, even if they bombed Washington DC (What is the point?).
8754 So many things are impacted by those numbers. Congressional seats, funding that is at the state level and down to the local communities. All of that is impacted by those numbers,
8755 Suppose however that from the second quarter, the V shape implies they go back to the previous growth of 6 per cent not 8, then Chinese growth this year will be 2.5 per cent... and then they have the global spillover and a pandemic,
8756 But if we have the monetary easing we have right now, if we control the pandemics by doing systematic quarantines, maybe by June-July the pandemic is stopped, and maybe by the fourth quarter of this year we are going to have an economic recovery,
8757 What we can hope is if there's going to be the right stimulus -- and it has to be at least 3% of GDP -- this is going to be a very severe, but short recession.
8758 The amount of leverage in the system is growing at rates that are scary,
8759 After the 2008 crash, a forceful (though delayed) response pulled the global economy back from the abyss,
8760 In next few days, the fundamental news will be that the pandemic is spreading to the US and EU,
8761 The Bank of England's role is to help U.K. businesses and households manage through an economic shock that could prove large but will ultimately be temporary,
8762 to review a range of macroeconomic and financial system scenarios and their implications, and they will continue to meet as needed and will act as appropriate.
8763 We don't want viable businesses to go out of business because of the very necessary steps that need to be taken to protect and serve the British public,
8764 The MPC (Monetary Policy Committee) is assessing the economic impacts and considering the policy implications of various possible scenarios,
8765 We are beyond the contain phase for coronavirus,
8766 The lines of communication globally between central banks are wide open,
8767 Only two years after the final TCFD recommendations were published, demand for climate-related financial disclosures has skyrocketed and the supply is responding,
8768 The MPC is assessing the economic impacts and considering the policy implications of various possible scenarios.
8769 far above the 1.5 degrees that governments say they want and that people are demanding.
8770 The development of a strategic plan is our opportunity to collectively chart a course toward the future we aspire to,
8771 The way this could happen is if the governor says we are not happy with that plan and we are going to decide.
8772 This would decrease not only the spread of coronavirus, but also the flu and other contagious diseases,
8773 It can be very unhealthy when the situation becomes speculative because it can lead to a sudden downdraft in house prices later, with wider implications for the economy.
8774 So it's going to be a slow climb out of the economic turmoil we're in.
8775 Not surprisingly, the threat to the global economy of COVID-19 -- the coronavirus -- played a central role in our deliberations,
8776 The question remains whether governor Poloz and his team will be comfortable with a sub-trend pace of growth amid elevated signs of financial stress and households and tighter financial conditions,
8777 it's still in the early days there
8778 Neoliberalism and the New World Order. IMF-World Bank `Reforms' , The Role of Wall Street.
8779 Our education system, as it exists today, is not meeting the demands of what our current and future workforce requires.
8780 I ruined a lot of pants,
8781 In conjunction with leadership of both parties we've been working to find a path forward that balances the health of our members and our duty to the public,
8782 It's going to cost more than we are spending today,
8783 People who are newly unemployed, newly in need.
8784 some high-level conversations about how partnership and collaboration is probably the best pathway to the scale and impact of public media. We talked in broad terms about the opportunity to create a public-media center with KRCC as the anchor and how CPR could bring the resources to make that happen.
8785 Local news is becoming more and more important,
8786 uncertainty rules globally (and) the situation remains fluid.
8787 You'll be shocked to know that radical reduction has taken place in Central funds for schemes of agriculture, health, education, SC and ST and together they constitute a reduction of 8.9 per cent. This means this government does not have any vision about the social infrastructure. In contrast to this, in Bengal agriculture has grown by nine times in the last seven years and social sector has grown by 4.5 times. This is Mamata Banerjee's vision of taking the bottom of the pyramid to the centrestage of economy,
8788 The GST was implemented in a haste without doing any beta testing. This has resulted in fraudulent transactions taking place across the country. Suspicious transactions are also going up,
8789 In our state, agriculture has grown nine times and the social sector by over 4.5 times. At 100 days' work, the state has the highest under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment scheme,
8790 Young people just crashed the Selective Service's website because they're terrified of being drafted for World War 3,
8791 in the second quarter we may well see a stock build of over 15 million barrels a day. This is the reason, I think, we need to do more.
8792 Although new forms of short-term flexibility such as battery storage are on the rise, most electricity systems rely on natural gas power plants - which can quickly ramp generation up or down at short notice - to provide flexibility, underlining the critical role of gas in clean energy transitions,
8793 At a time of such uncertainty and potential vulnerability for the world economy, playing Russian roulette in oil markets may well have grave consequences,
8794 compound the [ COVID-19 ] tragedy
8795 The only thing I would hope, that in the oil markets, common sense will prevail and all the actors behave responsibly as the world is facing major challenges today,
8796 a crucial element in ensuring a secure electricity supply
8797 The nuclear industry stands ready to play its part, with our goal to supply 25 percent of the world's electricity before 2050.
8798 About half of that amount would be needed for networks. It can be achieved if policy and regulatory measures improve the financial and operational efficiency of utilities, as well as facilitate the effective use of public funds to catalyse private capital.
8799 I've built up about 700 woodworking planes alone -- and they're not at my workshop I hasten to point out,
8800 rarely rates highly in the international or national consciousness
8801 The new European Commission has made sustainability the key issue in the future policy of Europe,
8802 We have not been served with any charges by the state, either filed or unfiled. Therefore we have no knowledge of whatever is being discussed. We have also not been invited as to when we are supposed to appear in court to be charged or for the charges to be read to us.
8803 We're only allowed to see her in the last two hours of life, one at a time, with full PPE,
8804 absolutely in businesses' best interest to take up, and it's clearly in workers' best interest.
8805 including the worst weeks of the Great Recession.
8806 Harvard is actively sending recruiting materials to prospective students who effectively have no chance of being admitted.
8807 I want to urge all students, especially those at home, to fill the knowledge gap during this time. The partnership gives Senior High School students a week free trial after which the first 500 students will be sponsored by Vivo Energy Ghana for one-year full access,
8808 It seems unlikely that we'll move instantly back to business as usual. We'll probably be avoiding large crowds for a while,
8809 I believe such tools are needed here to free monetary policy to focus on monetary policy objectives,
8810 The more damage of that sort is done, the more likely we are to see a `U,' and there are worse letters like `L,' and I hope we don't see something like that,
8811 The Cabinet has risen to the occasion by coming up with a bigger budget than the one announced earlier,
8812 The IT sector of Punjab depends upon knowledge economy and a proper ecosystem should be in place to cater to the potential talent in this sector,
8813 We are advancing many investigations. There is already one matter before the Court. We are now working very closely with our overseas counterparts on various theories of harm,
8814 It's pretty disgusting behaviour,
8815 Higher prices for advertisers means higher prices for consumers. And lower revenues for ad hosts could in the longer term lead to a reduction in the quality and diversity of online content,
8816 You may well be seeing an important disparity there, so that is very much a concern and something we'll be looking at very closely and something the government will be looking at no doubt,
8817 A loan may allow them to cover certain fixed costs, such as rent, but it will not make up for the lost revenue,
8818 If people are able to spread it outside of the flu season, then this has legs through the summer and you're absolutely looking at a recession globally.
8819 We're going to have to either have a Great Depression, or figure out a way to send people back to work even though that's risky,
8820 If these allegations turn out to be true, this is a major scandal,
8821 In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic and to shore up the government's efforts to battle the national crisis, vice-chairman and members of NITI Aayog and chairman of the EAC-PM have voluntarily decided to take a salary cut of 30 percent for a year,
8822 many tens of billionaires to shower the deplorables with seemingly generous donations.
8823 Old films [ about the Holocaust ] lose their urgency,
8824 We are seeing there are millions of workers, who have no social safety net protections, who are now on the front lines of delivering food and delivering packages.
8825 There are still these individuals who people really don't know about, or, if they do, maybe don't care about. You know, `He was a Nazi, but he got us to the Moon.' There is always that kind of discussion, but to me it's black-and-white, it's really quite simple: * NL * a Nazi is a Nazi is a Nazi. So I think this show will help to shed light * NL * on that.
8826 The chess match was not to my knowledge, to our knowledge, something that actually happened, but it's very much in the spirit of the sadism that was perpetrated by the Nazis against Jews.
8827 On all of those measures, I think it has to be regarded as a very good package,
8828 QE works to reduce long-term interest rates once the short-term interest rate has reached the effective lower bound.
8829 The key economic challenge will be to stop a vicious cycle of weaker spending and job losses taking hold,
8830 But they're pretty modest impacts. I think the real one is corporate failure,
8831 We're largely conducting business as usual, with some modifications, such as using video conferencing, and asking our employees to postpone nonessential travel,
8832 I call us serious.
8833 While we remain conservative in our immediate outlook, I am confident these concerted measures will bear fruit before long, and the current situation will reverse in two to three quarters,
8834 Behavioral Responses to Wealth Taxes: Evidence from Sweden,
8835 My work has been much crisper, more precise and less speculative because of the presence of diversity,
8836 there is a fair amount of variation in terms of how stringent the lockdowns have been.
8837 The DNA of Hindus and Muslims are the same. The descendants of both are also the same. The Muslims of Indonesia believe that our descendants are the same but why it is not possible for a Muslim of India.
8838 So how to get that 3.7 per cent (efficiency factor to utilize investments)? (We need to) fight corruption, second, reward those who will invest. Don't terrorise them (investors) with income tax and this GST, which is the biggest madness of the 21st century. This GST is so complicated (that) nobody understands which form to fill and where,
8839 Ask the government to declare Ram Setu as ancient historical monument: Swamy to SC-What is stopping PM?
8840 He's a good friend too. I was once asked to inaugurate his office in Rawalpindi because his mother wanted a Brahmin to inaugurate it. He's truly integrated with our culture.
8841 I had said earlier the BJP was gaining in Delhi around 41 seats because Tukde Tukde gang and road blocking has overtaken poor economic performance (sic),
8842 The report highlights that the U.S. and Europe will suffer deeper declines than the rest of the world. I think this is accurate,
8843 Well, I wouldn't put it that way because we're pretty murderous also. We've launched more wars than any other country in modern times,
8844 growth rates in H2 that are unprecedented in postwar history
8845 And he certainly has significant advantages.
8846 He who is betting on that, is going to strike out,
8847 If things calm down on the risk front, I think you'll probably see the dollar gain some ground, especially if all this Fed easing that has been priced in gets priced out,
8848 But it is still too soon to even speculate about either the size or persistence of these effects, or whether it will lead to a material change in the outlook.
8849 We are not seeing any evidence to date that a strong labor market is putting excessive cost-push pressure on price inflation,
8850 Investment in protective equipment and tests would be a far less expensive, better way to stimulate the economy than giveaways and transfers.
8851 Most people wait until they have reached their breaking point before seeking help. By that point, it's much harder to dig your way out.
8852 Such changes will also have a considerable impact on the future of the financial industry,
8853 The key issue [ with SARS ] was, how long do people expect it will last? And how confident are they in the government's response?
8854 Commercial space absorption in the CBD as well as the broader Bengaluru market has scaled new records in the recent past. There has been a rise in investor interest in acquiring prime commercial land parcels and this development is significant,
8855 Don't for forget going into this offer, there were concerns about timing, an election year, and you would have expected some hesitancy, but all these did not affect interest in the Eurobond
8856 will immediately release an amount of One Billion Ghana Cedis upon approval by Parliament. The Ministry is proposing to use the equivalent of USD 219 Million from the Stabilization Fund.
8857 The measures may include withdrawal from the Ghana Stabilization Fund occasioned by anticipated shortfalls in the ABFA. We will come to this august House to seek for the necessary approvals when it is necessary in due course.
8858 I don't see myself as a designer. In my view, all the jeans, all the fits, and all the washes have been made in the past, even before I was born. But we can fine-tune the jeans, fits, and washes to make them even better. Therefore, I would say Saburo is an industrially developed brand. And I am a developer of jeans.
8859 I don't think the economy is fundamentally imbalanced or at a fragile position at this point,
8860 If our current forecast is realized it seems appropriate to characterize it as a novel-global recession... Our forecast for a mid-year growth rebound would not fit the NBER criteria that recessions should last for more than a few months. JPMorgan expects a fading of the coronavirus outbreak to promote a recovery in activity into midyear 2020, followed by an acceleration in growth in the second half of the year.
8861 It's really important for people who are out of work because of this to apply for those benefits,
8862 Limiting the Economic Fallout of the coronavirus with Large Targeted Policies
8863 sharply owing to stress in the non-bank financial sector and a weak rural income growth
8864 we should see these debt levels coming down,
8865 the level of GDP will remain below the pre-virus trend, with considerable uncertainty about the strength of the rebound.
8866 This is a truly global crisis as no country is spared.
8867 The question is: whether this will move outside of China and become a pandemic. And so we can think of really downside, dire scenarios where things could go bad.
8868 I don't have anything specific on the particular issue at this point but I can say that globally there have been issues of social unrest that have impacted growth. For example, social unrest in Chile has significantly impacted its growth. The same is true for Hong Kong.
8869 one of the few heroes in India's sordid banking saga.
8870 If you look at the business cycle phenomena in India, typically if you look at the peaks and troughs and co-relate it with what has happened, it seems like we have hit the trough therefore there should be uptick in growth. That is what we are budgeting,
8871 Other than getting rid of our ridiculous interprovincial barriers, governments across country should think twice before making market conditions conducive to allowing more players on the market.
8872 Manufacturers weren't necessarily ready for this kind of shock.
8873 It just became so real and that's why people who are prone to panic and anxiety basically went out and bought different products just to feel safer.
8874 Don't get me wrong, I do think we should recognize the legacy of the micro-brewery movement, it's been important,
8875 This week is quite peculiar because the outbreak became quite real to a lot of people given all the cancellations and celebrities announcing that they were sick due to the virus,
8876 The board met today and cleared it. The board also discussed about operational integration,
8877 The world remains very much trapped in the mother of all global financial bubbles,
8878 There's a real focus on collaboration and inquiry-based learning,
8879 We're going to have to rely on putting money in people's pockets, on direct government spending
8880 Given our job this is no abdication of budget responsibility to be spending what you need to spend to deal with this - in some ways it is like a wartime situation,
8881 This initiative will give those farmers who want to be involved a real chance of delivering this, helping make their businesses more robust,
8882 We will leverage our presence in key payment corridors, strong partnerships in non-presence countries -- robust technology platform as well as world-class risk management to provide cutting edge financial solutions to our clients.
8883 It is an honour to be recognized by such a prestigious platform, renowned for its work in unbiased and qualitative reportage. This award is dedicated to all members of staff who have worked tirelessly to ensure the growth and success of the Bank and all its subsidiaries. Furthermore, we thank all 32 million of our customers who trust us as we continue our journey to being Africa's gateway to the world.
8884 A broader spread of this disease has the potential to disrupt travel, trade and supply chains throughout Asia,
8885 China's sheer size, along with its roles as an engine of global economic growth and a dominant player in commodity markets, means that a hit to China will have significant ramifications all over the world,
8886 I've long held to a deep philosophy that effective marketing hinges on utilizing data to tell great stories to the right people,
8887 more than 300,000 Shields of Strength to members of the military and law enforcement officers and families of fallen soldiers and fallen law enforcement officers.
8888 Mr Knee is buying a car for  9,200 in cash. He says he got it in savings. But, on the other hand, he says he can't pay for a solicitor.
8889 The seriousness of this global health crisis warrants a broad disbursement of funds in order to advance multiple vaccine approaches to human clinical studies. Just last week, I was in Washington, DC visiting with various members of Congress and their staffs to emphasize the critical need of funding and support behind our accelerated COVID-19 vaccine development program, and we look forward to advancing our program as rapidly as ethically possible. With appropriate and timely funding, our goal is to advance a vaccine candidate to human clinical trials before the end of this year... much faster than the typical 12-18 months normally expected.
8890 The new data show that the trend in job growth stepped down in 2016 and has been little changed, net, since then.
8891 Open-ended QE -- this always looked inevitable -- plus purchases of both primary and secondary market corporate bonds, and bond ETFs, for investment grade businesses (BBB/Baa3 or above) represents a huge easing.
8892 You have to be willing to think what previously would have been unthinkable.
8893 Core CPI inflation is steady at 2.3%, though we expect it to nudge up a bit over the next few months. Serious upside risk is confined to the rent and medical components, but they jointly account for 52% of the core so they have to be watched very closely. They are much more important than the prices of TVs and T-shirts,
8894 The consensus was a bad joke but the initial hit from bar and restaurant closures was bigger still than we expected. Next week's number, however, will be an order of magnitude worse. Media reports from around the country make it clear that claims have rocketed since bars and restaurants started to close in large numbers over the weekend, in some cases by a factor of 10 or more.
8895 The rate of growth of cases in western Europe has stalled at about 15% per day. Next week should be better. The UK is yet to see any slowdown; cases are rising by about 20% per day. That's to be expected given the lockdown began only on Monday; we look for a clear slowing by the end of next week,
8896 The only way to get out of this without enormous economic dislocation for years is an act of God,
8897 The overall impact of the virus on the Malaysian economy will depend on the duration and spread of the outbreak as well as policy responses by authorities,
8898 We are together in this partnership with the military.... We will have to make it work,
8899 My visit to Kauda is a step towards recognising this. Peace can only happen with our commitment as a government and as a people to finding solutions to the conflict,
8900 good health and in a safe place
8901 We have a permanent battle buddy now,
8902 We knew just from living out here-I was born and raised here - the need is out there,
8903 I'm going to... do the same thing to you that I did to those guys
8904 That's the nature of the economy.
8905 The central bank will continue to intervene through the spot market, domestic non-deliverables forward and bonds if needed.
8906 The climate that seems to reign among heads of state and government and the lack of European solidarity pose a mortal danger to the European Union,
8907 The Methods Framework outlines constructs and the importance of the pre-specification of a study protocol to support the rigorous design and execution of RWD research,
8908 This one could be appealing in its speed of execution and simplicity,
8909 The fall of mankind didn't actually begin when the first pair took their first bite. That is, it didn't begin with a disobedient deed,
8910 to decarbonise their operations and challenge their suppliers to do likewise
8911 Vegetables are daily essentials. Everyone needs that every day. If supplies are disrupted, whatever limited supplies are coming, at the wholesale level, higher prices will be charged. It is a very murky situation at present. Wholesale prices depend on whether things are moving or not,
8912 Some of that may be attributable to prices. Thus, 2015-16 and 2016-17 recorded a consumption drop alongside double-digit dal inflation. The peak consumption in 2017-18 was when prices actually dipped 20.8 per cent year-on-year
8913 With a payroll tax cut, they're still not going to want to do those things,
8914 if we had the same ratios of CEO to worker pay as fifty years ago.
8915 Youth must be prepared for the jobs of the future -- not the jobs of the past,
8916 The issue of risk in Africa is exaggerated. The risk of loss is lower than Latin America. Yet, funds are not being channeled into Africa. There are $8-trillion of assets under management in London, but only 1% is invested in Africa.
8917 The call for higher interest rates should instead be directed at governments and legislators, combined with the urgent demand for measures to strengthen the growth potential of our economies.
8918 (The ECB) stands ready to adjust all of its instruments as needed... to avoid fragmentation that may hamper the smooth transition of our monetary policy,
8919 The Swavalamban Express train is a part of our umbrella mission Swavalamban which aims to induce entrepreneurship culture amongst youth. It's an aspirational journey powered by inspirational India,
8920 The attack showed that they (attackers) don't have any mercy on anyone and they are not obeying any law nor any religion,
8921 The worker is sort of forced to choose between their livelihood or going to work ill and then exposing their coworkers, or in some cases the public, to that illness,
8922 a lot of MPs from other parties
8923 Any insurance company... when they come into this particular market, there's only one person to deal with, and so that person names their price.
8924 I do not eat my own cooking. Funny thing about money. If I started to worry about my own profit and loss, I would be less concentrated on my customers' well-being,
8925 I think the signature is a feel-good thing but it doesn't actually do anything to prove who anybody is,
8926 Plus I've built relationships. I just know a lot of the players throughout the entire city. I consider them friends, and most of them have the same hopes for Clearwater.
8927 The company has faced criticism following media reports alleging that Clearview AI's database stores photos.
8928 The only appropriate option for this game is to have it here in Melbourne.
8929 day of great shame sorrow
8930 Whether a mass gathering refers to workers in an office building or a court house or a school, they (health authorities) will make that decision over the weekend,
8931 No one knows how long this is going to last.
8932 there's zero way I'd want to be long until -- we really need about two weeks to see what type of spread we get.
8933 These bureaucrats and politicians who think panic is lines at Costco and angry parents when a school is closed, may find out that panic is when you are taking mum to the emergency room and she dies in the parking lot because no one can see her. I hope this does not happen and we get lucky, but all signs point the other direction.
8934 Duluth has been a good place for us to do business. We look forward to staying in Duluth to do business, to expand here and Duluth is our home,
8935 We don't claim the entire value was lost,
8936 As a result of the persistently large deficits, federal debt held by the public is projected to rise to $31.4 trillion at the end of 2030, an amount equal to 98 percent of
8937 the U.S. economy is doing well, with low unemployment and rising wages that have drawn people off the sidelines and back into the labor force. But the economy's performance makes the large and growing deficit all the more noteworthy,
8938 He assumed, in a speech delivered before he left for the funeral of his best friend, as he said, that the contents of this envelope relates to his secret recording of proceedings of top-level collective bodies of the European Union and thus apparently gave me the right, as he said, before leaving for the funeral of his best friend, the right to decide if I will pass it on to party leaders,
8939 how much risk is the Treasury willing to take?
8940 If there's a recession coming because the supply side of the economy has been hurt badly, for example because people aren't able to go to work, the Fed isn't going to put people back to work by lowering rates,
8941 Stress tests are sometimes characterised as micro-prudential tools with a macroprudential overlay,
8942 Part of this is about the other side of the valley: Make sure the credit is there.
8943 The problem is everyone in America is cutting back their consumption. A lot of sectors are being hit, especially the services sector. A lot of income and spending is being reduced. That's just an enormous shock to the economy.
8944 The Riksbank is following developments closely and stands prepared to take further measures and provide the liquidity that is needed,
8945 hard to imagine that you would go negative to, say, minus 5 percent.
8946 Well, this event basically puts them over the edge. Companies that were in the US$ 50 range basically will have their bank lines cut.
8947 I think negative regional prices here (and elsewhere in landlocked production jurisdictions) are very possible, potentially inevitable,
8948 By directing federal agencies to disregard long-term and cumulative impacts of projects, this proposal takes a sledgehammer to decades of legal precedence and puts our communities at risk. It is like putting permanent blinders on, and ignoring reality when deciding whether to build a project. This proposal is particularly dangerous for frontline and vulnerable communities that have already been disproportionately exposed to pollution, such as air pollutants from nearby highways or legacy pollutants from industrial sites.
8949 Louis L. Redding dedicated his life to ending discrimination and promoting equality and justice for all Americans.
8950 This will ensure that environmental violations can be investigated and remedied in a substantive and timely manner.
8951 We need somebody who can help restore our standing in the world,
8952 By directing federal agencies to disregard long-term and cumulative impacts of projects, this proposal takes a sledgehammer to decades of legal precedence and puts our communities at risk,
8953 This landmark agreement -- carefully negotiated with our allies over years -- kept the Iranian government ten years away from developing a nuclear weapon, and subjected the country to rigorous, intrusive and unprecedented quarterly inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency. And over the course of three years, the independent inspectors verified nearly 20 times in a row that Iran was in compliance with the agreement.
8954 Instead of transmitting these materials to OIRA as part of the interagency review process, which is a standard and lawful process that would also result in their public release once the rule is finalized, hard copies of these materials are being shared only with the Department of Transportation.
8955 Our country is suffering the grave and growing loss of tens of thousands of American lives to a novel coronavirus that attacks our respiratory systems, and this EPA is advancing rules that will cause more respiratory illness.
8956 Unfortunately, if this rule is finalized, I fear the result will be just the opposite.
8957 due to households reducing purchases of durable goods,
8958 It looks like a hell of a trade,
8959 reasonably well taken in stride,
8960 Some guys have different opinions, and everybody's entitled to how they feel,
8961 Telecommuting will not work for everyone, but, thanks to COVID-19, it is now getting ready for its close-up.
8962 The Carbon Price Support provides a clear signal to our neighbors of its efficacy at reducing CO2 emissions.
8963 We have plenty of hogs, chickens and cows. But they all have to go through these packing plants that are big enough that if one closes down because workers get sick, it's not a trivial amount.
8964 A lower policy rate cannot prevent the coronavirus outbreak from having a substantial impact on the Norwegian economy, but it could dampen the downturn and mitigate the risk of more persistent effects on output and employment,
8965 It makes me super angry,
8966 Obviously there's a lot of volatility right now,
8967 The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget the Tesla [ value investors ] shorted here,
8968 There may not be anyone there to help them become a composer,
8969 There's been a change at the Bank of Israel,
8970 The Bank of Israel will do everything in its power to protect the economy from the ravages of coronavirus. Our end goal is to support the continued activity of Israel's economy while creating a safety net to ensure it will overcome this difficult time.
8971 Without health, there is no economy, but without economy, there won't be health.
8972 way more than a dozen
8973 We don't want to be in the position we were after World War II, when these economies were destroyed and we had to rebuild them. We want to make sure that these economies are not destroyed, that they are kept alive in the interim, and in many cases that means lending, not grants,
8974 You could avoid the pain and still get your benefit.
8975 As you may know, Russia's Aerospace Force is getting ready to evacuate (133-TASS) Russians from Wuhan and Hubei province. The evacuation will take place on February 3-5,
8976 computerization should have little effect on the percentage of the workforce engaged in these tasks.
8977 financial and administrative irregularities, including misconduct, dereliction of duties, abuse of power and lack of commitment, causing great harm to the academic environment and bringing the varsity into disrepute
8978 no one, if we're starting a new school district would say `let's start high school at 7:40 or 7:50.
8979 people would be sad and crying.
8980 The Great Depression, which began after the stock market crashed in October, 1929, was wrenching and disastrous, of course. But Eichengreen pointed out that it developed more gradually than the coronavirus shock. `The production of goods and services fell by about a third, but over a period of three-plus years,' he said. `Industrial production fell by half, but, again, over a period of three years. The unemployment rate rose to about one in four, but over four years. Now what we are talking about is the possibility that the unemployment rate could shoot up very dramatically in a very short period of time. '
8981 The promotion of mental health has -- for the first time -- been included in the United Nations Sustainable Development Agenda as a goal to be reached by 2030,
8982 We also wanted to know the economic cost of increasing temperatures in terms of potential changes in mental health,
8983 harmonizing the incentive to reduce emissions.
8984 swinging at everything and connecting.
8985 there are a number of ways in which the modern American economy isn't working all that well for them.
8986 was designed to decouple the two airports when operating in this configuration,
8987 You run and get toilet paper not because you need dozens of rolls, but because you fear that others are going to stockpile leaving none for you,
8988 Although it's not the moment now to end the lockdown we need to think about where we are going to be in two, three, four weeks' time and now start looking at that plan, being able to scrutinise that plan so we get it right,
8989 It's clear that many businesses are still not doing the right thing. This must change now. This is a health emergency -- it cannot be business as usual.
8990 No one talks about what suit or tie a man is wearing. Everyone needs to focus on what really matters.
8991 We need to be confident that we are taking people with us, and that we're hearing what they've got to say,
8992 at a minimum, I would say that it needs to be clarified.
8993 I intend to deploy my vast experience in the corporate world to make Fountain University the pride of the Nigerian University System. The vision is to transform the university into a centre of excellence whose curricular will be skill-driven and employment generating in content and delivery, well beyond the statutory period of their validity.
8994 the Americans were better game-players: slightly more tactical, slightly more strategic -- not in a mean way, but they really understood that the game was critical.
8995 We are absolutely supportive of any other proposal brought forward either at the city or county level,
8996 We expect he would be less aggressive on China than Trump or the left-wing Democrats and especially to promote cooperation with the EU,
8997 Wherever capitalism has settled in the 300 years that this system has dominated the world, in every country, in every region here's the pattern: Every four to seven years, there's an economic downturn,
8998 I have known Mzee Moi for decades and have worked with him for many years. I therefore have personal and nostalgic memories of Mzee Moi accruing from shared national platforms and responsibilities. Over time, I have had a chance to appreciate the best of Mzee Moi's statesmanship and skillfulness in the conduct of statecraft both during the blissful and tumultuous moments that Kenya has traversed,
8999 I hope that God's justice is more merciful and just than Bonado was in life, nothing more
9000 is not for the yield curve, it's for liquidity,
9001 I think it was a timeous decision and I applaud the committee for taking such proactive measures to help consumers and small businesses survive within the current circumstances,
9002 We need a circuit breaker, which could be news about a vaccine, better news about mortality rates, or news about the spread of the virus beginning to slow down globally.
9003 Air pollution is an established risk factor for cardiovascular health and because CVD accelerates cognitive decline, we believe exposure to air pollution might negatively affect cognition indirectly. In our study, virtually all of the association of air pollution with dementia seemed to be through the presence or the development of CVD.
9004 Current depreciation of the cedi is because of bad leadership
9005 The current market turmoil tells me a new era is breaking, so question everything. Will cable, energy, mobile and social medias ever come back? And if not, what's next?
9006 Asset prices are currently at very elevated levels. In part this is a consequence of long-running fundamental trends in interest rates. Yet there is substantial empirical evidence that monetary policy encourages risk-taking in the financial system, and the risks of an asset price correction are increasing,
9007 Big banks throughout the world are substantially exposed to the pandemic, particularly as it hurts corporate borrowers.
9008 Cyber security is not an expert capability of banks, and continuous upgrading and development [ of data centres ] is expensive,
9009 One point to get across is no one intervention or change is going to solve the problem,
9010 Outrage over South Florida juror who was jailed for oversleeping sparks legislation
9011 Right now, 99.9% of public health is being set aside in response to the crisis. This is something that will have consequences for years.
9012 Sometimes you have to take trains out of service for regular maintenance that's planned, but the number of issues that we've seen and the technical issues with these trains is not something that we should expect,
9013 This is why we propose a figure of 3 trillion SDRs,
9014 This important analysis from MIT election researchers is the latest to show that the OAS's statements were without basis, and that simple arithmetic shows that there is no evidence that fraud or irregularities affected the preliminary results, or the official results -- the ones that actually matter. The OAS needs to explain why it made these statements and why anyone should trust it when it comes to elections.
9015 We need to spend money on medical supplies, ventilators, masks -- on getting protective equipment for medical workers. That means getting every resource in. pvt, public, defence, retired -- every resource. And quickly. All this will require fiscal resources and this is the higher priority,
9016 What is happening to climate... and how it has fallen into a social problem and now into a security problem. Those will have to be addressed together.
9017 While America doesn't excel in growth, it does so in inequality: the country has greater income inequality than any other advanced country; in terms of inequality of opportunity it also ranks well toward the bottom.
9018 Can't we just use the median rather than the mean? Why make things complicated?
9019 Going forward, our key strategic aims are to deploy our new A321neos on thick domestic markets to boost capacity and revenue, so making the most of the remarkably low cost-per-seat of the type to also preserve yields whilst doing so.
9020 is largely dead as Iran feels no longer bound by it
9021 The loud dispute over the deal in the last two weeks threatens to overshadow the substance, making it more difficult for national leaders to present the result at home as impressive solidarity in action to shape their domestic public debate,
9022 The provisions of the CAA will invite blatant discrimination between various religions. It is unconstitutional and immoral,
9023 We continue to print and publish our books in all the ways we can and I'm hugely grateful to our printers, our distributors and our publishing teams for their fortitude and commitment. We will continue to communicate as conditions change. We are grateful to all our stakeholders for their great and continuing support.
9024 Belarus is interested in making a long-term contract on supply of Azerbaijani oil. We plan to refine this oil at the Mozyr Refinery, using the Odessa-Brody-Mozyr oil pipeline,
9025 forced to take whatever you get, unless you're able to afford private insurance.
9026 With these new routes, our operations will expand to 177 destinations around the world, reinforcing our position as one of the world's most connected airlines. This ensures we can continue to provide our passengers with more options and flexibility when planning their business and leisure travel.
9027 does not tell us the reasons behind those differences and that's where we need to go next.
9028 For some reason that will have to be explained one day, we have been hit by the virus coming from China considerably before other western countries, and from that moment the reaction from the public authorities has been unusually vigorous for Italy and unusually accepted and complied with by the Italian population.
9029 Ich habe die groe Sorge, dass die Coronakrise die Finanzkrise 2008/2009 in den Schatten stellen wird
9030 Steven is able to focus on the big picture and the things that really matter.
9031 We believe the sum of the parts are worth much more than Facebook is valued today,
9032 When it faces big challenges it does big things and lifting a $22 trillion economy off the mat again is really a herculean task, but I think we can be confident that America's private sector, the best minds in government, good will, a bipartisan effort will get us there.
9033 Fiscal policy in Europe now needs to step up urgently. The ECB cannot prevent insolvencies, only governments can,
9034 It's a sign of our humanity. If we ignored such events, we would have a hard time looking at ourselves in the mirror.
9035 The Fed can always engage in purchases of assets during the next downturn,
9036 The State of MENA Retail
9037 I am socially isolating because I lost my regular shifts at my ongoing job. I have a car, I don't have dependants, I have a fully stocked fridge. I am good to go in terms of helping. It seemed something I morally should do.
9038 Kurt always looked on the sunny side,
9039 Sanctions have accumulated over time and have a diminishing effect,
9040 That... is a major blast to the global value chain, not only for China, but the world,
9041 All in all, the sparkle in China's new economy seems to be dimming measured by the stagnant relative size and the worsening corporate financial health. Although leverage is not a problem (much lower than old sectors), lower revenue and return on capital are weighing down the financial health. Together with the broader picture of slower consumption and household income, this raises the question [ about ] China's ability to solely rely on new sectors in the grand economic transition.
9042 The diet went on for too long.
9043 Why give them a leg up by essentially giving them control of an enormously influential private equity fund in the area of small and medium enterprise financing,
9044 Barack Obama picked Joe Biden as his vice president. Clearly, Joe Biden has the biggest connection to the former president,
9045 I believe that the measures that were determined by the government, the resources and reserves that we have formed in the budget, which make the National Wealth Fund, overall 300 bln rubles, will allow us to quickly respond to developments and to help businesses, people, constituent entities of the Russian Federation, and of course enterprises in need,
9046 Nobody wants to cut spending, or raise taxes. But if you look at the data that the Congressional Budget Office put out, we need very significant changes.
9047 Scientists did their job and said that there is a fault line
9048 That means they were able to cover demand for the first two weeks of March. After that, [ given ] no more supplies, there will be disruption of manufacturing. And we see this right now.
9049 We're not going to let our banking system collapse,
9050 During the first two years of the current government, over Rs. 5 trillion in debt had been repaid to domestic and international creditors,
9051 How will governments react to global economic challenges in the new year? What policy shifts can be made within the U.S., and internationally, to account for low growth trends?
9052 It starts with free trade,
9053 Personally, I would prefer to see less magnitudes in the swings, as this would be more constructive in helping develop a base, if indeed we are forming one.
9054 The happiness curve is everywhere,
9055 Our job now is to look for ways to expand banks' balance sheet, to create a mortgage market that would allow us to increase demand-side funding for housing,
9056 The authorities know perfectly well they have only 18 months left before the elections to fix this.
9057 The service sector is really broad. It's not just about serving coffee or taking care of children.
9058 Under the impetus of the present epidemic, a failure to address these evident pitfalls runs the risk of sending globalization backwards,
9059 Given the state of the financial vulnerabilities in Canada, we judged the risk of reigniting the acceleration of house price expectations and the buildup of debt was too high - and that could make attaining our inflation target harder in the long run,
9060 Similar to our 2018 restructuring initiatives, we quickly forced many difficult, and sometimes traumatic changes, which we deemed necessary to transition SI's business back to a trusted and growing heritage brand.
9061 Since we couldn't devalue, we lost competitiveness.
9062 At Scottish Bakers, our core purpose is to promote and protect the interests of the trade and this competition makes our task simple. I am incredibly proud to be a part of this competition recognising excellence and celebrating success. Everyone here today is a winner.
9063 I think it   ll add a lot of clarity to this race.    And while Biden's momentum is undeniable, not everyone in his party's moneyed establishment is convinced. Some major donors preferred to wait until after Super Tuesday to decide whether to join the Biden movement. And even some of his more loyal fundraisers remain frustrated by disorganization within the campaign. For example, the former vice-president has struggled to raise money in Silicon Valley, where many wealthy donors prioritize organization and a data-driven plan. The inability of Biden   s team to demonstrate such competence pushed many donors toward his rivals, and others are taking a wait-and-see approach.   We need to see what happens tomorrow, which is going to be very telling,
9064 In the field of engineering plastics, we have consistently followed a strategy of extending the product chain and ensuring the highest quality at every stage: from caprolactam... converted to PA6 [ sic ] in the full viscosity range... to various advanced modified materials with the addition of glass or carbon fibers,
9065 We have had multiple situations where the crossings at Route 83, North Avenue, Route 173 and Grass Lake Road were all closed because a long freight train broke down,
9066 You're going to see more shows at the NAC in the summer because of this,
9067 For a year, you can run a budget deficit of $2 trillion to $3 trillion dollars,
9068 drive up oil prices and lead inevitably to Trump's defeat in the elections,
9069 China is building its soft power,
9070 For most autocratic leaders, it has been quite dangerous to leave power,
9071 For those interested in finding out more about the 5G coverage rollout and about the 5G handsets and devices available to take advantage of this new network technology, further detail can be found at telstra.com. au/5g or by talking to a team member in any Telstra store.
9072 I'm less optimistic about the incremental efficacy of QE,
9073 its history, its culture and its economic dynamism.
9074 recorded as the largest capital outflow ever.
9075 Since that projection was made, the COVID-19 virus -- a global health emergency -- has disrupted economic activity in China and could put the recovery at risk,
9076 This emergency financing will allow the government to address additional and urgent balance of payments needs and support policies that would make it possible to direct funds swiftly to Pakistan's most affected sectors, including social protection, daily wage earners, and the healthcare system,
9077 strengthen from 2.9 per cent last year to 3.3 per cent this year
9078 leads to a permanent output loss of 10%.
9079 We need to think of the challenges we will face on the other side of this crisis,
9080 We do have up to $10 billion available for low income countries to tap in with zero interest rates,
9081 We are already looking at adverse scenarios... in which the impact on growth for China is more significant.... The Chinese authorities themselves are recognizing that there would be lower growth this year.
9082 We support China's efforts to respond, by taking measures with all the strength of its health system, but also by the recent fiscal, monetary, and financial actions. We are confident in the resilience of China's economy.
9083 The IMF support helps provide a backstop, increase buffers, and shore up confidence for the Kyrgyz economy,
9084 This provides grants to our poorest and most vulnerable members to cover their IMF debt obligations for an initial phase over the next six months and will help them channel more of their scarce financial resources towards vital emergency medical and other relief efforts.
9085 For the first time in the history of the IMF, epidemiologists are providing inputs for our macroeconomic projections,
9086 It is a crisis like no other,
9087 receding trade tension after the US-China first phase trade deal and synchronised tax cuts, among others.
9088 in the last six months... we have ushered a new period of growth and effective structural reforms,
9089 We are in the early stage of engagement, but I can assure you that we will attack very quickly as requests come,
9090 but only if we succeed with containing the virus everywhere and prevent liquidity problems from becoming a solvency issue.
9091 Just three months ago, we expected positive per capita income growth in over 160 of our member countries in 2020,
9092 many more bankruptcies and NPAs (non-performing assets)
9093 We are going to experience a sharp collapse in output for one month. We have to spend 2 per cent on medical side which is slightly underestimated... For one month output loss even if we make up one-third of output loss by social cushioning or propping up financial system, still it would be 3 per cent of GDP. So the number we came up with Rs 10 lakh crore (Centre and states combined) or 5 per cent of the GDP,
9094 the economy continued to grow, despite temporary, adverse demonetization and GST shocks, propelled first by income gains from the large fall in international oil prices, then by government spending and a non-bank financial company (NBFC) - led credit boom. This credit boom financed unsustainable real estate inventory accumulation, inflating a bubble that finally burst in 2019.
9095 The government appeals the stranded citizens to maintain patience for 14 days.
9096 There are hundreds of thousands of renters who want to purchase. But they don't understand what's involved or how to accomplish this goal. CreditSmart offers an efficient way for consumers to begin this journey.
9097 In 2020, more home-building activity and consequent growth in supply should tame down home price gains,
9098 Today, there is no subprime lending and too little supply. The real estate market will hold on much better.
9099 home prices should still be able to squeak out gains.
9100 These won't be the last measures,
9101 will boost consumer spending and create multiplier effects on the economy,
9102 The budget deficit has widened from the target of 1.8 percent of GDP but was far lower compared to other emerging markets [... ],
9103 U.S. Sanctions on Iran Are Increasing Coronavirus Deaths. They Need to Be Stopped Now.
9104 The alternative, first, is to know something which, unfortunately, we have a president who doesn't know anything,
9105 We thank all those who helped make this happen: former President Dick Celeste, the Board of Trustees who voted to support his signing of the American College and University President's Climate Commitment, the students and young alumni who have worked on these initiatives, and CC's faculty and staff, particularly those on the Sustainability Council, whose work and leadership has been invaluable.
9106 To have all of these under one roof, at what will be a state-of-the-art building at 720 N. Tejon St., creates tremendous possibilities.
9107 swift actions over the past few weeks -- to respond to the needs of our community, to fulfill our teaching mission and to pursue research that will save lives,
9108 There's no way for us to do that, so we rely upon the honesty and good faith of our faculty in filling those forms out.
9109 so that our antibodies to the virus can be harvested for therapeutic use,
9110 The danger is that the recovery is too slow and then too many people stay unemployed. So, we need to accelerate as much as we can.
9111 Torture the data long enough, and it will confess to anything.
9112 What I learned in the financial crisis was, plan beats no plan.
9113 We want action on financing,
9114 Imagine if one U.S. government agency controlled General Electric, General Motors, Ford, Boeing, U.S. Steel, DuPont, AT&T, Verizon, Honeywell, and United Technologies. Furthermore, imagine this agency were not simply a passive shareholder, but... could hire and fire management, deploy and transfer resources across holding companies, and generate synergies across its holdings.
9115 We have stress-tested the UK system and particularly the UK banks to something much greater than that.
9116 relative merits of near-term stimulus
9117 Although the global economy looks to be recovering, caution is warranted. Evidence of a pick-up in growth is not yet widespread.
9118 And the answer is, it's the transition, stupid,
9119 a white Christian country.
9120 PM Narendra Modi focused on Ujwala, toilets and cleanliness, but on the other hand our factories are shutting down and the unemployment is rising. This is a big challenge and the economic policies are needed to be framed in right perspective,
9121 Given the current crisis of three dimensions:1) The contrived and violent anti-CAA agitation on communal lines 2) The tail spin of the Indian economy due to the MoF novices & 3) The C Virus pandemic, the Namo govt needs to focus by forgetting adventures like selling off Air India.
9122 Hamare desh me jo bahar se log yaha aa kar hamare desh ke tukda tukda karne ke liye asha karte hai unka hi tukda tukda ho jaega (People who come from outside and hoping to divide our country will themselves get divided),
9123 For those Indian Muslims living in India as Indian citizens, there is no power that Parliament can exercise to remove their citizenship... they are not under threat.
9124 urge Hindus of Bengal to agree to Gorkhaland in the larger interest of Hindutva and combating appeasement in WB
9125 People who hope to break our nation into pieces will themselves shatter into pieces.
9126 There may be some defence agreements. That will also boost his country. Above all, we are paying for the defence equipments and he is not giving it for free,
9127 Queen Victoria took over India after the betrayal of Rani Jhani in 1857 and looted India for 90 years (sic),
9128 And yet this is just what the board has done, and it cost the shareholders $47 billion.
9129 one of the worst disasters in financial history
9130 Boeing now is no longer a viable company,
9131 perhaps its greatest emergency since independence.
9132 a document that attempts to draw out the best in us in a spirit of common purpose and pride.
9133 I am sorry, it's a myth only 3-4% Indians pay (sic) taxes. Every Indian pays tax. From Biscuit (sic) to Burnol, everything is taxed!
9134 Economically speaking, India is faced today with perhaps its greatest emergency since Independence. The global financial crisis in 2008-09 was a massive demand shock, but our workers could still go to work, our firms were coming off years of strong growth, our financial system was largely sound, and our government finances were healthy. None of this is true today as we fight the coronavirus pandemic,
9135 that the spirit of our Constitution still burns brightly.
9136 India reforms only in crisis. Hopefully, this otherwise unmitigated tragedy will help us see how weakened we have become as a society, and will focus our politics on the critical economic and healthcare reforms we sorely need.
9137 there is nothing else left to do on the monetary side,
9138 They are moderate social democrats by European standards.
9139 This could include longer-term layoffs, for example. At this point, we simply do not know.
9140 The sudden halt in global activity will be followed by regional recoveries at different times, depending on the duration and severity of the outbreak in each region. This means that the global economic recovery, when it comes, could be protracted and uneven. The Canadian economy was in a solid position ahead of the COVID-19 outbreak, but has since been hit by widespread shutdowns and lower oil prices,
9141 That's a really significant move in the markets, and it's an indicator that that action is helping to ease tensions out there,
9142 As a company, you don't force yourself to save for 20 years to make an investment, you borrow to make an investment because it grows the company,
9143 This is why the solution is in reinforcement, renegotiation and an improvement of the WTO disciplines and not in bilateral tariff wars,
9144 Do we have a case here of yes, minister, in which these private providers can be relied upon to tell Cabinet what they want to hear?
9145 e-mail should become pervasive. So should Internet/Web access. E-mail is the killer application of the Internet today, and browsing through information services the killer app of tomorrow.
9146 It is such an honour to be recognized by such a prestigious platform, renowned for its work in unbiased and qualitative reportage. This award is dedicated to all members of staff who have worked tirelessly to ensure the growth and success of the bank and all its subsidiaries. Furthermore, we thank all 32 million of our customers who trust us as we continue our journey to being Africa's gateway to the world
9147 It will leave Australia exposed to what is known as a technical recession-two consecutive quarters of negative economic growth, in the three months to March and the three months to June,
9148 More export diversification from a very high dependence on China, supportive government policies and the cyclical turn in the tech cycle are the drivers,
9149 So that number is not small, and with the economy slowing, it will be a challenge to absorb more NPLs and maintain bad debt ratios.
9150 Given the fragile domestic economy owing to subdued oil and gas prices, weak global manufacturing, lackluster investment, the fall-out of Covid-19, and weak external demand, we revise our forecast for Malaysia's annual growth in 2020 from 4.3% to 3.6%.
9151 One of the things I think has been done well is one person who has stature within the administration needs to be named to lead the effort, and the president wisely named his vice president,
9152 It's just been reported that our planet experienced its second-hottest year on record in 2019. The last decade was the hottest decade in the history of our planet. Australia is on fire, the Arctic is melting and our seas are rising. If we were only measuring the new NAFTA by what it does to address climate change, it doesn't work. Plain and simple.
9153 And, in addition to its $88 million for environmental monitoring, cooperation and enforcement, the new NAFTA creates an enforcement mechanism that gives environmental stakeholders an expanded role in enforcement matters,
9154 The EU, for example, set a new CO2 car standard at 76 [ miles per gallon ] for 2030 with an aggressive plan to transform the entire auto industry to electric vehicles. And, adding insult to injury, even EPA's own analysis found that the new rule will result in a loss of thousands of auto industry jobs.
9155 Soviet-takeover of our energy and economy,
9156 Please have faith, the government will ensure your protection,
9157 I also want to go to the Pakistan whose rosy picture was painted by the finance adviser yesterday. The Pakistan where there is no inflation, where there are jobs, and where rivers of milk and honey are flowing,
9158 Due to stability and peace in the country, investors from across the world are coming to Pakistan and want to avail themselves of huge opportunities offered by the country.
9159 Preserving the integrity of the international framework will be crucial for the credibility and integrity of the global financial system,
9160 Public health in general is mostly about prevention and making sure you get the health care you need,
9161 This study provides evidence that counties that have more polluted air will experience higher risks of death for COVID-19,
9162 where the burdens of disease, population demographics, and healthcare use are similar to those of the U.S.
9163 The Irish did not simply take over the conventional apparatus of politics. They transformed American municipal politics. They changed the class consumption of municipal government, putting the reins of power in the hands of men who had risen from the working class,
9164 would mean envying or resenting themselves, as they will be in later years.
9165 The US is the greatest business in the world,
9166 Hell is coming... America will end as we know it,
9167 America will end as we know it.
9168 Some have argued that we should fully reopen the economy now, as the coronavirus kills mostly the old and immune-compromised, and a relatively small percentage of those infected,
9169 Berkshire will emerge from this crisis as a more valuable enterprise, as the market decline will enable it to invest a substantial portion of its cash in investments that will accelerate its long-term growth in intrinsic value.
9170 Mr. President, the only answer is to shut down the country for the next 30 days and close the borders. Tell all Americans that you are putting us on an extended Spring Break at home with family. Keep only essential services open. The government pays wages until we reopen,
9171 Accordingly, securing tariff-free access to the UK market is a great prize, whereas allowing EU consumers to benefit from British-produced goods and services is a concession that may need to be made but is best avoided.
9172 All your politics, certainly, are aiming to create better inclusiveness for the American people.
9173 On the sidelines [ of the WEF ], the Prime Minister will hold bilateral meetings with several world leaders. These include Prime Minister's meeting with the U.S. President Trump,
9174 We cannot deny that there is a general loss of trust and confidence of people,
9175 Everywhere else, the risk of getting sick was minimal.
9176 most viruses and other germs do not spread easily on airplanes
9177 The strategy I take now for flying is: I take a window seat, and I don't get up.
9178 Gold bullion went negative for the year as of Friday, as investors liquidated their holdings to ride out the volatility. And although they haven't sold off as deeply as the rest of the market, gold mining stocks look cheap now, meaning it may be time to consider adding to your exposure,
9179 Streamlining the Company's operations will allow management to focus on growing the Company's assets under management in the U.S., in particular our gold and airline ETFs
9180 I don't think a lot of people have been through a recession,
9181 It would be too slow and dispersed to substantially stimulate the economy, as households would receive only a modest benefit every pay period,
9182 Everything this time is happening bigger and faster,
9183 If you did too little on health today, you would have to do much more down the line, and that will hurt the economy even more,
9184 Also, it is not accelerated enough -- it just drips out with each paycheck so it is spread out over time,
9185 looking into what more they do
9186 With that, all Allies have welcomed our soon-to-be 30th member. Congratulations, North Macedonia!
9187 We will only reduce our presence if we see the Taliban is really willing and able to deliver,
9188 an important step, which will make the circulation of people and goods easier and faster within the Western Balkans region.
9189 It's very important to remember that this isn't decisions NATO just makes alone,
9190 We have to remember that we have a European nuclear deterrent today -- 28 allies deliver that every day and it  s not only a promise, but it  s something that has been there for decades,
9191 fully supports the U.S.-led peace efforts, which can pave the way for intra-Afghan talks.
9192 Albania's active and positive commitment to stability and cooperation in the Western Balkans region
9193 A new conflict would be in no one's interest.
9194 we believe that one of the best weapons we have in the fight against terrorism is to train local forces, enabling them to fight terrorism themselves.
9195 This is a US decision, it is not a decision taken by either the global coalition nor Nato, but all allies are concerned about Iran's destabilizing activities in the region, Iran's support to different terrorist groups,
9196 We will continue to consult, monitor the situation and take all necessary measures,
9197 Our estimate: The average American would be willing to pay between US $2.60 and $4.60 to avoid an additional very hot day (over 80  F) in the past month in order to maintain [ their ] current mental health status.
9198 The risk is that financing conditions do not remain benign and borrowing costs rise because of risk premia, rather than a stronger outlook for economic growth,
9199 There is still complacency that needs to be flushed out -- notably in the US,
9200 The pandemic and the lockdowns to contain it are delivering a shock to the real economy on a scale that seems unprecedented in peacetime. Because of the unknown trajectory of the virus, with case numbers surging and lockdowns being tightened, it may be more difficult than during a financial crisis to deliver a policy announcement so stunning that it would restore market confidence and put an end to the equity bear market,
9201 Visible solidarity could strengthen the European project, a perceived lack of such solidarity could undermine the political foundations of the project instead.
9202 This is largely a CDU internal issue,
9203 They're huge, they're growing really quickly, they have gotten to bigger numbers faster than we ever did,
9204 It seems to me that many women take charge of their lives in every way except dating and marriage,
9205 We took a very hard look at our ad products and redid them,
9206 You're wonderful for each other and Ia  m so happy for both of you,
9207 Together, we chose the weekend when we would get engaged -- and then he took it from there,
9208 By the time he gets to Super Tuesday, he will be over that 15% threshold to earn him some delegates,
9209 One thing to keep in mind as you see Internet pundits live-scoring Tonight's #DemDebate: Twitter is not real life,
9210 China's foreign exchange reserves, a key indicator of the degree of foreign exchange market intervention, has been quite stable over the last year,
9211 For the Chinese, digitizing the renminbi is a way to get out from under the U.S.'s thumb,
9212 The slowdown in growth in China can have major impacts across Asia and the rest of the world, given the scale of the Chinese economy and its role as a major driver of global growth in recent years,
9213 Economic indicators will likely show significant improvement in the second quarter and the Chinese economy will return to its potential output level rather swiftly,
9214 I have no detailed information. As per newspaper reports, I have not yet found any strong reason why she should be deported from the country,
9215 big absence of justice in the JNU matter
9216 Divisions between groups and sects not only damage our social lives, but they can also work as barriers to intellectual progress within and across the nations,
9217 For any kind of protest, opposition unity is important. Then protests become easier. Unity is important if the protest is for a proper cause,
9218 It is not the main issue at the moment,
9219 The first is that innovation is the engine of long-term growth. To grow, you need innovation that builds upon previous innovation. The second is that innovation doesn't come from heaven, but from entrepreneurs who pursue it. And the third is creative destruction, the fact that new technology displaces old technology. And that is very important, because it means that growth is a process of conflict between the old and the new.
9220 The modern workplace evolved from the original factories in the 1800s, where workers had regular daily shifts, and has changed little since.
9221 The risks of an asset price correction are increasing.
9222 other policy areas need to kick in to help the ECB
9223 unmistakable causal link between carbon emissions and more intense floods and storms come at a crucial time,
9224 We are continuing to be wholly responsible in fulfilling the duty of care we have to our students, staff and our wider school community, including you all, by following the advice and guidance from the government and Public Health England.
9225 We would continue our vigil for a week for now. We would decide our next course of action later,
9226 Some people are describing this as a victory for Narendra Modi and Amit Shah but that is not right. Do not lose hope. We would fight both in court and on the streets,
9227 A fundamental departure from (current ECB) policy does not seem appropriate.
9228 I am delighted with the quantity and quality of entries this year and I cannot wait to see the looks on the faces of our worthy winners. This competition really is about saluting the best in Scotland and beyond and we will certainly see the best products recognized when the winners are announced.
9229 It is (the airline sector) on the front line of the fallout,
9230 The coronavirus is sort of a dark irony helping out housing,
9231 The good news is the president called a truce in the trade war, because otherwise we'd be careening towards a recession this year,
9232 We'll get out of the gates fast when businesses start to open. But we'll be right in the quicksand because everyone will have an eye on the second wave.
9233 A couple more days like yesterday in the stock market could do it. It looks pretty ugly. I'm sure that's really starting to spook people. It `ll be hard to discern what eventually causes people to run for the bunker,
9234 People's savings are depleted, their net worth is lower, there will be business failures. You would think that would be a problem for the president.
9235 Certainly the virus is a cloud on the market,
9236 The economy's long-term growth would likely be somewhat diminished by these policies,
9237 rising anti-Semistism, racism, xenophobia,
9238 I think that's what the show is,
9239 We face incredible advents of Holocaust denial, anti-Semitism, racism, and xenophobia throughout the world today,
9240 most powerfully counteract the revisionist narrative that whitewashes Nazi perpetration, by showcasing the most extreme -- and representationally truthful -- sadism and violence that the Nazis perpetrated against the Jews and other victims,
9241 Batman? Right now I'm Fatman,
9242 dangerous, and foolish.
9243 So, the total global profits of a multinational should be calculated, and then apportioned across countries according to some formula based on sales, employment and users (for digital companies). This is something that is already used in the US where state governments have the power to set direct and indirect tax rates.
9244 The announcement of the Prime Minister that houses will be provided to all houseless people by 2022 is jumla like several other jumlas of Rs 15 lakh to every household and doubling of farmers' income by 2022,
9245 So we have to stay tuned with regard to the yuan.
9246 The slowdown in capital expenditures came along when the trade war escalated,
9247 social distancing measures for schools
9248 These are important parts of the discussion between racing and government.
9249 John Cain's vision was to have a permanent home for the Australian Open right on the doorstep of the city and it's now grown into one of the great sporting precincts of the world,
9250 Instead of having an event in Melbourne, take it to a bushfire-affected community or one on the edge of that fire zone now or in the next six months.
9251 How long, it remains to be seen. I think we enjoy it while we can.
9252 That doesn't mean it's out of the question but it's certainly no guarantees about it.
9253 I'm saying to companies, do not worry about whether these towns have a conference centre, do not worry about your normal meeting facilities,
9254 whose heterodox policies led to high inflation and, many economists believe, the country's current crisis.
9255 abundance of energy supply in terms of oil and gas,
9256 the world is awash with oil, mainly coming from the United States,
9257 Without solving the challenge of the energy sector, we have no chance of solving our climate challenge,
9258 It is enjoying unprecedented momentum around the world and could finally be set on a path to fulfill its longstanding potential as a clean energy solution.
9259 This is a huge opportunity we cannot miss,
9260 Since the end of World War II, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) -- now the World Trade Organization (WTO) -- has provided the forum for gradually reducing trade barriers around the world. After eight successive rounds of multilateral trade negotiations, for example, tariffs have been cut from an average of 40 percent to just 6 percent (although many developing countries still maintain much higher tariffs on selected products).
9261 The case for adding the new tools to the standard central bank toolkit thus seems clear.
9262 a moderate increase in the inflation target or significantly greater reliance on active fiscal policy for economic stabilization, might become necessary,
9263 Overall, it could be a very bad year for the economy,
9264 The package cannot be strong nor too weak. It has to be moderate and affordable. The government cannot be expected to provide much more because of the continuing budget constraints and the lack of sufficient high savings of our reserves to meet, the uncertainties and hazards of rainy days and storms ahead, like we now face,
9265 The plethora of irregularities included use of duplicate tally sheets; use of `tippexed' and altered tally sheets; use of fake or insecure tally sheets; failure to account for null and void votes; premature announcement of results without attending to complaints and gathering all results; tampering during recording, counting and transmission of results; and unlawful delegation by the Commissioners of their solemn constitutional duties,
9266 Our legal team stands ready to present our case in court as we did in the initial case.
9267 On his part Dr. Bakili Muluzi abandoned the third term bid even though some of his advisors insisted. Dr. Joyce Banda conceeded defeat in 2014 without resistance. That's leadership. I call on Prof. Mutharika to rise above the rest during this period,
9268 The views on redistribution and immigrants are quite correlated,
9269 Unless and until we see those low unemployment rates putting excessive upward pressure on inflation, we're not prepared to say we're necessarily at full employment,
9270 been providing support to the economy and helping to keep the U.S. outlook on track,
9271 We're looking into how it translates into the outlook for Chinese growth, for global growth and for how it impacts the U.S.
9272 Demand is impacted very adversely, we're trying to offset that with our policy,
9273 We are responding to an unprecedented number of calls for emergency financing from over 90 countries so far,
9274 This includes emergency financing, policy advice, and technical assistance, building on the World Bank Group's existing instruments and expertise to help countries respond to the crisis,
9275 Currently, $575 billion in regional income is lost because of gender-based discrimination in laws, social norms and practices that constrain women's rights and opportunities,
9276 Yes, it might be the case that there are more accidents the week after spring forward, but if we didn't do it in the winter we would get an overall higher accident rate throughout the winter, statistically we would.
9277 Hashim Amla is a legendary batsman and a big name in world cricket, and welcomed him to the Zalmi family.
9278 The decision to give Darren Sammy the highest civilian award in Pakistan is truly a reflection of the feelings of the lovers of cricket and Pakistan. Indeed, the services of this impeccable man are unforgettable for cricket's return to Pakistan.
9279 I expect that we are going to hear a lot of messages of reassurance, like `God is still in charge,' `God still loves us,' `God is still taking care of us,
9280 would see the Democratic Party as the party of gay rights, the party of abortion, and the party of big government,
9281 I think every major RIA should at least commit to protecting employees' job and pay for six months or a year.
9282 It is not surprising that the resistance to fascism at this moment in the country is being led by students.
9283 It's too early at this point to extrapolate out
9284 There's a big scary virus out there and people may not want to engage in economic activity in the way that they normally would,
9285 This is Putin putting his personal imprint on the constitution
9286 We are leading this investment round for Embodied Labs because it delivers a unique solution across our limited partners spectrum of senior living, home care, hospice and hospitals to train a workforce that spans four generations. Using this innovative VR tool to attract and retain valuable talent puts providers ahead of the curve operationally and with their customers.
9287 We are not pricing climate risk: A Wall Street perspective,
9288 What characterizes what we have seen over the past decade is effectively real-time management of stocks and very integrated supply chains,
9289 Confidence is falling everywhere so you don't want to send a reactionary message, but at least a message that you are discussing and being prepared to take measures, and to do that jointly,
9290 Even under a best-case scenario of containment in China and limited outbreaks in other countries as we see today, (we) expect a sharp slowdown in world growth in early 2020,
9291 We don't want to add a financial crisis to the health crisis,
9292 would require substantial emissions reductions over the next few decades and near zero emissions of CO2 and other long-lived greenhouse gases by the end of the century
9293 clearly is a significant concern.
9294 The Fed does have some scope-it's not a cure-all,
9295 Congress has never had the appetite to collect these taxes,
9296 has plunged headlong into deep recession,
9297 Claims will start moving sharply higher in the next few weeks -- with only a small relative share being captured in the data corresponding to the week ended March 14... a hard stop in a wide array of activities will translate into an increase of 150k-200k in the following week (to a level of initial jobless claims of roughly 400k-450k).
9298 The longer it takes, the deeper the ongoing slowdown will be,
9299 I don't see any reference to independence in the legislation that has defined the role of the Federal Reserve.
9300 The Fed must take proactive steps to ensure that the U.S. can compete successfully,
9301 I would like to see a conscience vote in the parliament. It's about time we flushed out all the senators and members, and find out where they really stand on this issue. The current government is more interested in holding up lumps of coal in parliament than solving problems.
9302 Preparations for the trip are underway,
9303 This system is unique in the world,
9304 Only individual cases, etiologically linked to the 2019-nCoV coronavirus are described. The known 2019-nCoV cases in children do not make it possible to objectively examine the disease features and patterns at all stages,
9305 it is the cornerstone of efficient social policy and, of course, the country's social development will be stuck without high economic growth rates.
9306 Certainly, this should take place on account of the Digital Economy National Project, proactive introduction of domestic developments and domestic software,
9307 Supply chains tend to adapt quite well to that kind of collective or irrational behaviour,
9308 Fisheries and seafood are seen often as a luxury item. Canadians are not necessarily willing to pay too much for fish and seafood.
9309 Once they run out of their bonuses and rebates, they just don't last.
9310 There could be other explanations in the investor climate, but this to us is a hopeful sign.
9311 Viruses and other microbes like to live on living surfaces like us. Just shaking hands with somebody will be a greater risk by far than some dry surface that has no biological material on it. The survival of viruses on surfaces isn't great, so it's believed that normal cleaning, and then the extra cleaning in the event that someone was discovered to be contagious, is the appropriate procedure.
9312 A special instruction to this effect is being readied for signature by the prime minister. The Ministry of Transport, Border Guard Service, Customs and consumer rights watchdog will temporarily restrict arrivals of foreign citizens from China starting from the midnight of February 4, except for Moscow's Sheremetievo checkpoint. The restriction will not apply to citizens of the Eurasian Economic Union member countries, air crews, official delegations and persons having Russia's residence permit. The instruction will be finalized today,
9313 an analytical product that allows investigations into the origins of crypto-assets and their uses,
9314 I always subscribed to the theory that hockey is a business and I guess that cemented the theory for me,
9315 reason to know exactly what they are doing and for whom
9316 When the law was passed, [ Russian President Vladimir ] Putin went out of his mind,
9317 We want our agriculture sector to have a business model,
9318 [ Tesla was ] at 20% of the fund, sometimes a third of the fund, and I slashed it back today because [ the stock price ] is just so decoupled from reality,
9319 A lot of that just depends on a recession,
9320 Good intentions are not good enough when you are an elected representative.
9321 We're going to have to fight for this by making public demands,
9322 I let the market do what it was going to do,
9323 the most photographed guy on Wall Street,
9324 Our goal now is to protect the hidden workforce at the bottom of the supply chain, and their families, who are so at-risk during this unprecedented crisis.
9325 People will ask, `Why are you doing business with Delta?' I will shake hands with anyone and do business with anyone if it is in the interests of my airline and my company.
9326 We know from history that once the Americans retreat, they leave behind a vacuum,
9327 As you know more of little things, you know little of many things. Instead of understanding something of the whole system, people are getting caught in understanding something only in parts,
9328 It is affecting tourism, travel and conferences, FDI [ Foreign Direct Investment ], international trade, food and nutrition, and poverty reduction,
9329 The Fund and World Bank are moving quickly, the sentiments I hear from G20 finance ministers are in the right direction,
9330 It is very apparent that there is a risk build-up,
9331 The most important issue is the security of all troops inside Idlib. The government must take all necessary diplomatic and military measures for the safety of our soldiers,
9332 soldiers obey any order they receive.
9333 Virtually all economists agree that immigration increases the wealth of the United States,
9334 We usually think about giving people information -- that if we give people information, they would make the right decision,
9335 Is the easy behavior and the right behavior aligned? If they are not, there is extra friction. And then how do we add motivation?
9336 So, if you want to do good in the world, and you're looking at these huge, massive problems, find something and scale the problem, find something that you can do that will have an impact, and then have that impact.
9337 One of the mysteries to me remains why -- well, I can imagine why politically -- we created another problem for ourselves by saying there is only going to be limited number of employers who are involved in this, and there's going to have to be a completely separate system for small businesses.
9338 What place did Noel come?
9339 weren't so fruitful.
9340 [ Noel's ] obviously gon na say no, because he'd like to be the person to break the news to people because he's the fucking oracle.
9341 I demand an Oasis reunion after this is all over, all money going to NHS. C'mon, you know.
9342 Oh he didn't put an album he puts out eps. What year we in? 1973?
9343 If the economy stays the way it is, Trump is going to win again.
9344 The questions are when will the market fully discount it and how quickly will the economy and corporate earnings rebound? As history has shown us many times before, the uncertainty creates opportunities for investors.
9345 going to happen at an accelerated rate, you can bet on it.
9346 Instead, consistent with the more benign aspects of our history, it may signal a different form of openness.
9347 The government needs to get to grips with social care urgently. It must fund care properly, with increased wages and training to make care an attractive career for UK residents and migrant workers alike.
9348 It may be that the economy is picking up a little bit on the basis of slightly improved confidence,
9349 Rising interest costs associated with the debt would increase interest payments to foreign debt holders and thus reduce the income of U.S. households by increasing amounts,
9350 changes must be made to address the budget situation because our debt is growing on an unsustainable path,
9351 But our projections also suggest that over the long term, changes in fiscal policy must be made to address the budget situation, because our debt is growing on an unsustainable path.
9352 The big question mark is why Forestry Corp has done this in the lead-up to a predicted horror bushfire season.
9353 The challenge now is getting the money out of the door to support businesses before it's too late,
9354 The prime minister has failed to chair a single meeting of the climate Cabinet committee and now he has sacked the conference president. Why is that?
9355 time for cherry-picking is over
9356 In some countries, like Palau and the Maldives, international tourism is about 40 per cent of GDP.
9357 It costs far more to have someone go to the ER for an intake evaluation than it does to see me for a whole year, and if we can make access to someone like me easier, we will save a lot of money,
9358 So we actually looked at the lives of people, patients who are seeking behavioral health services, and we compared how the decisions were made for those patients. And we found some things that were probably less than satisfactory,
9359 It would be inappropriate for me to do so. It would be wrong for me to do so.
9360 The risk to the population of Northern Ireland has not changed as a consequence of this presumptive positive test,
9361 We are upskilling staff to be able to provide that outside high dependency units and outside intensive care units.
9362 Public Health Agency staff are working swiftly to identify contacts the individual may have had, with the objective of preventing further spread of the virus.
9363 We have robust infection control measures in place which enable us to respond immediately. Our health service is used to managing infections and would assure the public that we are prepared.
9364 Most worrying is that the business climate is negative. Investments do not happen when sentiment is negative. Budget estimates have floundered; tax revenue is deficient. Jobs are vanishing. But the government is busy with the politics of polarisation.
9365 The impugned Act creates two classifications, viz, classification on basis of religion and the classification on the basis of geography and both the classifications are completely unreasonable...
9366 It is only when this happens that the Budget becomes transparent,
9367 The courage to stick with your beliefs, your convictions, the courage to speak about them publicly even when they are not popular, and the courage to act on them even if they will cause economic pain in the short-run if you are convinced that they are the right policies for the longer-run. I think Otmar Issing has demonstrated that kind of courage, as did Paul Volcker in the most difficult period for US monetary policy during my lifetime.
9368 There's no question the acquisition could and should face scrutiny,
9369 It's time for a strategy that's better for the climate and shareholders alike,
9370 The great paradox in freedom today is how so much of the world has benefited from institutions that have given them economic prosperity, and (yet) are willing to throw them away,
9371 There may be some smaller banks that have to be bailed out, but I don't think any of the big ones,
9372 You can exit and look the other way and Africa will be there,
9373 Africa's infrastructure demand opportunity.
9374 Against this backdrop, the MPC decided to cut the repo rate by 100 basis points. This takes the repo rate to 5.25% per annum with effect from 20 March. The decision was unanimous,
9375 To this end, IMFC members welcomed the IMF's expeditious efforts to support an exceptionally high number of countries requiring IMF emergency financing at the same time, as well as its close cooperation with other international financial institutions,
9376 Andre's going to have to make his choice. Andre's a great player so we'll just see. All these things are unknown.
9377 No, we're not that far, and we're just gon na assess it in the next week or so,
9378 I think my continual concern in this is that people are doing amazing work and stepping up to volunteer their time, and in volunteering our time, I'm worried our labor is devalued and we're being overworked.
9379 In general, the benefits of breastfeeding at all are smaller than many people claim. But beyond this there is simply no evidence that using some formula in addition to breastmilk is problematic. And, indeed, supplementation can actually improve breastfeeding success if it makes it easier to continue,
9380 if the medical system is overwhelmed, this will be among the worst things to need.
9381 It looks like something that's naturally occurring. You can get it in great apes,
9382 I Love Barrie inspires our youth to reflect on what they love about Barrie and promotes positive engagement with local schools,
9383 I'm not disparaging what members of the community are saying. I've been to Escalante and have heard the differing opinions there,
9384 In those circumstances, the Board would see a stronger case for further monetary easing.
9385 will not increase the cash rate target until progress is being made toward full employment and it is confident that inflation will be sustainably within the 2-3 percent target band,
9386 then they are going to be in a fair bit of trouble when rates do go up
9387 There is a concern that we could be getting close to a crossover point where what has been a good thing may not be such a good thing in the future. There is no precise point for that crossover, we are just trying to judge it carefully both here and overseas.
9388 The scenario on which we would be reducing interest rates is one where we are not making progress towards full employment and the inflation target,
9389 We are prepared to transact in whatever quantities are necessary to achieve this objective,
9390 We need to remember that it is possible to have too much of a good thing. We are aware of the risk of low interest rates encouraging too much borrowing and driving excessive asset valuations. So we will continue to watch borrowing, in particular, very carefully.
9391 The city will attempt to fulfill orders as quickly as possible,
9392 a rapid pace of acquisitions, and integration from a cultural, technological, and operational view can be a challenge.
9393 Although these are preliminary thoughts, I hope they convince you that ECB Banking Supervision is seriously committed to promoting an integrated European banking sector,
9394 Simple calculation says it would be over 80 per cent.
9395 A new international taxation regime is needed to adapt to the growing digital economy and to curtail tax avoidance and evasion, while ensuring that all countries receive their fair share of tax revenues.
9396 And that's the last thing we want at this time.
9397 The first thing I did was to take the text across to the PM's suite because I wanted him to hear about it first from me. He read it in silence and, at first, made no comment. Then, he suddenly asked me whether I thought he should resign,
9398 To create an environment conducive to the revival of investment it is necessary for the government to hear these voices and bring a healing touch. The need to create an environment of social harmony and peace is also vital for the survival of the idea of India,
9399 By being forced into doing it, it has the unintended merit of showing companies that they can in fact do remote work. If these companies increase, it could be a useful strategy during disasters.
9400 I don't want to be involved in any politics. I just wanted to contribute.
9401 Saudi Arabia has no incentive to keep it this low,
9402 the ACCC is continuing to consider whether further action is needed to make sure consumers aren't worse off when they switch to the NBN
9403 We don't know how long coronavirus is going to be mucking around the economy, but let's assume it's six months and we are hoping things will be back to normal pretty quickly... it would be a shame to make a decision on the basis that this next six months... is the full world,
9404 Australia's four major airports have collectively increased their aeronautical profit almost every year over the 17-year lifespan of the ACCC's monitoring. This may illustrate the benefit of power of being a monopoly.
9405 We want to check if prices are going up a bit that it's really the farmers who are benefiting,
9406 as good as we saw on an equivalent Wednesday in February, with performance above 80% of maximum plan speeds
9407 We recognise and appreciate that individual supermarket chains have already taken a number of important steps to mitigate the many issues caused by panic buying. We believe allowing these businesses to work together to discuss further solutions is appropriate and necessary at this time.
9408 The advantage of leasing, especially if rates are low as they are now, is that you can keep your money liquid,
9409 the high-tech race of this century
9410 The only physical contact I had with (Woman J) that entire event, was I tapped her on the nose.
9411 personal promise that the 2014 independence referendum was a `once in a generation' vote
9412 a blurring of the normal social/professional boundaries
9413 I apologised. I was the first minister. She was in my bedroom. We were tipsy, it shouldn't have happened.
9414 depend on infusions of funds from the Treasury,
9415 Each enterprising city shall carry theme on enterprise setting up. It would be unique exposure for being a Swavalambi. A school beyond four walls,
9416 The students who suffered were not taken to the nearby hospitals and it was another violation of rules. We were dragged to the police station,
9417 If you don't take the risk, we're going to be screwed,
9418 Japan's experience can happen in other countries,
9419 unlike the rest of the world, Russia may be facing the most serious challenge since the collapse of the Soviet Union,
9420 We are not interested in hearing that you have formed committees and are holding meetings. We want you to tell us what practical steps you have taken to control the situation,
9421 whether the impacts are different on low-income customers, which is one of the biggest objections to advanced rates.
9422 I think it's time to be over it, especially now that they have gotten reauthorized.
9423 The Bank of Canada is not going to compete with going out to the movies more by cutting interest rates,
9424 There's a funny thing about the last negotiations,
9425 social fabric of rural Ireland has been blown to smithereens
9426 I don't hear people giving out,
9427 That would be an important way of helping to reduce some of the pressure in holding those patients in a hospital environment pending the outcome of that test.
9428 This intervention had no impact in reducing hospital readmissions,
9429 Four or five years after the crisis, the economy would have recovered much more because there's less of a hole to climb out of.
9430 If it is to generate ideas to help society achieve inclusive prosperity [ and so not push outsiders into the arms of populist politicians with no real answers to the problems being reacted against ] it will have to start by becoming more inclusive itself.
9431 It's a topic that's of serious interest to all of us living in New Zealand or in Asia Pacific,
9432 The issue with monetary policy tools is that for them to work effectively, you need to have room to reduce rates by 400 to 500 basis points,
9433 runs an organisation that expertises in predatory & anticompetitive business,
9434 The meeting was very encouraging, especially based on the speakers from the Japanese government, the European Union and the U.S. State Department,
9435 To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting it wrong.
9436 Our medical workers are on the frontlines of this crisis, have been hit hardest by it and need all the help and support we can give them. We have rough days ahead, but with collective action like this, together we will make it through,
9437 Fuel is still quite cheap, and so people don't feel the pinch,
9438 historic year for sports, in a bad sense,
9439 overall measure of the wage trend.
9440 There's still a lot of skepticism in the U.S. (about negative rates) and I think they would utilize the other tools first. That said, several years down the road that debate could also have evolved, depending a little bit on what we see in places like Europe and what the, ultimately, post-mortem verdict is on the effectiveness of that tool,
9441 This project is especially welcome as it is the first such initiative in a Small Island Developing State, for which climate change is a significant long-term challenge,
9442 At the same time, annual investment requirement is around Rs260 billion in the energy sector, Rs155 billion in road infrastructure, and Rs460 billion in transportation, aviation and industry,
9443 However, carbon markets often produce prices which are deemed too low relative to the social cost of carbon.
9444 In a way, trust is the product quality of the digital world.
9445 It helps to see people as they are as human beings,
9446 Nothing new on disclosure, that's disappointing,
9447 Once the virus is contained, then the economy should recover,
9448 The subtraction of services imports from Irish GDP over the last four quarters of data technically is about 39pc of Irish GDP,
9449 It's hard to see how you get to a phase two,
9450 But [ US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer ] also has crafted a deal that should deliver on his boss's top priority: reducing the bilateral trade deficit.
9451 Part of the reason for the increase is, I am sure, because of Universal Credit under the Tory Government's welfare changes. Constituents have to wait a minimum of five weeks before receiving their first payment and I have dealt with cases where constituents have been evicted from their homes because of this disastrous scheme. The Tories should think again.
9452 Debating matters of life and death is one of the most important things we do as MPs, and it was excellent getting this insight from a doctor who works at the front line of these issues,
9453 That's pretty close to the depths of the Great Depression.
9454 There is a large-scale acute need of basic livelihood support because of massive income drop,
9455 And also this expansion, which I think of by the way just the 13th inning of the Obama economic expansion. It isn't going to go on forever.
9456 If you are trying to get to 3 per cent in an economy in its 11th year of recovery that's a tough task,
9457 In the regional election in Emilia-Romagna, the Five Star Movement came only fourth. It will now be very hard to discipline its MPs in Rome. This is the real threat to the stability for the national government: can the Five Stars bear the blow?
9458 That's because Boeing kept producing the 737 Max throughout last year despite the grounding of the 737 Max. That's not the case anymore. Sadly, tens of thousands of people are probably going to be laid off before this crisis is done,
9459 These Certificate of Need laws definitely have prevented the build up of the number of hospital beds we have. And they're contributing to a shortage of ICU beds,
9460 These decisions will not affect budget and macroeconomic stability.
9461 This is going to be a very significant problem,
9462 Until a vaccine is available, nobody is going out to work, play or go to school. The economy, national, regional and global we knew is dead, it
9463 While it is tempting to view the Covid-19 oil demand shock and the oil `price war' as separate events, we like to emphasise that Opec + pursuing a market share strategy is simply a second-order effect of the virus made possible by extremely weak demand, pushing the market far down the global supply curve,
9464 is currently working on a revised 2020 -- 2022 Medium-Term Expenditure Framework/Fiscal Strategy Paper (MTEF/FSP) as well as an Amendment to the 2020 Appropriation Act.
9465 It is lower against all the major currencies, and many emerging-market currencies, where Eastern and Central European currencies lead the advancers.... After advancing 2% yesterday, gold is pushing higher still.
9466 The market still has the ultimate ballast, or anchor, which is the U.S. economy,
9467 Over the last 12 months between our Gympie and Tin Can Bay offices we've averaged about a contract a day, around 30 a month,
9468 people want Plahotniuc to pay for all the abuses and crimes he committed.
9469 Several High Profile Racist Extremists Serve in the U.S. Military,
9470 Some funds like ours have placed longer-term equity holdings in a separate account taxed as equities, while the derivatives book is in another account,
9471 The most common payback length is six to twelve months,
9472 We are strictly against brining guests who harm our campus community through hate speech, including, but not limited to, racist, homophobic, transphobic, ableist and xenophobic remarks,
9473 What the obligation of the Royal Commission is is to ensure with whatever process they deem to be appropriate for the circumstances, to make sure he has the opportunity to comment on any findings that are adverse to him. So the extent to which there are findings adverse to any state agencies, I wouldn't have thought that any of that material will be going to him. It'll be very focussed.
9474 It's how much you value the things you consume, but not just the market things, like food, TV and stuff like that, but also how you enjoy spending time with friends and family. It's a comprehensive measure.
9475 My advice, is do not call anyone in the profession who is an adult by a child, and particularly do not call anyone who is an African American a boy or a girl.
9476 The economy is strong. It can stand on its own feet and it can grow pretty consistently. And so we should let it do that,
9477 We have banks that are not only too big to fail, but too big to be held accountable.
9478 Capitalism is a system; greed is a sin. But greed is also the thing that makes much of modern society function. And good systems manage to make greed productive.
9479 if you want to start a grocery store that sells milk products in an inner-city neighborhood, you have 15 permits to get through. There would be much to like about having one person whose job it is to get them through the permitting process.
9480 I think it's not too surprising that Treasury is playing a prominent role,
9481 No country has ever ended human deprivation without a growing economy. And no country has ever ended ecological degradation with one.
9482 One earthquake and all of a sudden, you close down a whole industry,
9483 The Federal Reserve and Congress are helping avert for now a massive self-feeding economic and financial decline that threatens a devastating combination of a 1930s-like depression and a 2008-like global financial crisis. That's the good news,
9484 The ministry of Finance and relevant Government departments are looking into this.
9485 our objective is to reorient the financing model for agriculture to crowd in private-sector financing, reduce significantly government footprint in production, and lessen the dependence on the budget.
9486 the White House dissatisfaction with the administration of the Trust Territory, and the disintegrating economic situation there.
9487 they have the opportunity to remove some of the emotion and look for market opportunities in these types of environments.
9488 a systematic reevaluation of allowing access to private health insurance for basic services seems appropriate, especially in light of theory and evidence that argues, on balance, that doing so would have net social benefits.
9489 It is not a NIMBY (Not In My Back Yard) village and is not against development but anxious to protect the peaceful rural environment.
9490 We expect creditors to act in good faith, as we will, so that the resolution is not disorderly,
9491 A follow-up communication will be sent by University Housing to all affected residents shortly.
9492 Racist behaviors or stereotyping in or outside of the classroom are not acceptable at UW -- Madison,
9493 Central Bank Digital Currencies -- Design Principles and Balance Sheet Implications,
9494 I'm suggesting that we are even probably close to 15 percent right now.
9495 people wouldn't even have to give up flying, or petrol cars, if everyone gave up meat and dairy
9496 Skiing is a multimillion-dollar industry in West Virginia. It provides hundreds of jobs and helps the state economy.
9497 The economy has never changed this fast before. The unemployment rate is moving as much every two days as it typically moves in a year,
9498 Today, we are importing 90 per cent of the raw materials, including Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) from China. But there was a time when we used to source most of the raw material for the industry domestically. There is no reason to believe that we can't go back on being self-reliant,
9499 We are optimistic that this would reduce the number of patients that move to mechanical ventilation.
9500 Don't lay off your workers, furlough them,
9501 ferret out the devil that was in the detail of climate, trade, and finance texts that were being discussed in the UN,
9502 It will take at least three more months for the economy to roll,
9503 It's safe to say Italy's debt-to-GDP ratio will rise to around 180 percent by the end of this year,
9504 These appointments demonstrate our commitment to nurturing talent and rewarding success. We have a deep pool of highly qualified and dedicated employees, who can be challenged with more responsibility in attaining our corporate vision. We remain committed to diversity and inclusion; are delighted by the depth and quality of experience that this leadership team brings to our group. These appointments further indicate our internal succession capacity and strong corporate governance practices,
9505 Unless something really traumatic happens, it's actually not that great, but obviously, if Iran, you know, does something to block oil shipments from the Middle East, that would have a striking effect if the U.S. were suddenly to be thrown into a war,
9506 aimed at maintaining financial stability and supporting citizens and businesses.
9507 If our estimate of inflation and the economic situation require, the key rate may be set beneath the lower bound of the neutral range. This will mean (a) loose monetary policy.
9508 And in smaller communities, the virus targeted nursing homes and funeral parlors, and of course cruise ships, which are like dense small cities at sea.
9509 As a small token, we're donating food and essential items to the NHS, we're making it easier for NHS workers to shop in Waitrose and we're helping staff at the new Nightingale Hospital in London. We will do more over the coming weeks.
9510 Even the leaves, lidi, shell, and coconut fibre are in demand. Then, there is a new variety of dwarf coconut that produces more coconuts in a shorter period,
9511 opportunity to invest in the global low-carbon transition.
9512 Some of the specifics of the proposals that are in the governor's package need to be thought through, make sure they're evidence-based and that they'll have a real impact,
9513 stanch the flow of mass layoffs and business destruction.
9514 The AIIB, ADB and the World Bank planned on around $7 billion [ in loans ] during an investor teleconference. We will maximize it,
9515 These online applications have an enormous attack surface,
9516 This is a moment when the banks, in a way, can redeem themselves,
9517 They must have a positive intention and support the club on its way to the top, on its way to being profitable and successful.
9518 We are not part of this, we have nothing to do with this gassing,
9519 We're largely conducting business as usual with some modification, such as using video conferencing and asking employees to postpone travel,
9520 And I love who I work with, I love who I work for, that newsroom is a great place. I just love those people. And while it was really an intriguing concept to be at this new station, and the Chicago Cubs, and all of that, I just couldn't imagine not working there. And that's why I turned it down.
9521 Any deal that gets done going forward from this point on is going to contemplate, within the media deal, how in-game proposition wagering is handled,
9522 For such mutualisation to be accepted by all countries, very rigorous governance and project selection will be required.
9523 The true infection fatality rates could therefore differ from our estimates. For instance, it is possible that countries with very good health systems are more successful in treating patients than China.
9524 Case fatality rates may only be a very poor proxy for the true infection fatality rate if a high number of infections remain undetected,
9525 This is going to be like the war production board in a way from World War II, but we can be pretty confident that along with the right business leaders this should work out pretty well,
9526 This thinking doesn't fully reflect people's complex relationship with information. We wanted to create a way to measure an individual's tendency to pursue or shy away from information.
9527 We're delighted to be chosen to highlight our brand at Tesco head office. Our long-standing relationship with them means that as we launch new products we can continue to reach a wide audience quickly and effectively.
9528 You're getting electricity production [ from solar panels ] with almost no carbon emissions or no any emissions of any sort, which is an advantage over burning coal or burning natural gas to generate electricity,
9529 If you use existing institutions... the EIB could do it immediately. The ESM is there. They can all issue mutualised European debt,
9530 That is why we are taking it more seriously.
9531 The negative example set in the public sector, founded on the assumption that reducing wage growth somehow helps the economy, then became entrenched in the private sector, too.
9532 This was a very important moment in the development of Poland. The fact is that foreign investors brought new technologies into the country, new channels of cooperation with global business, new opportunities to enter international markets. And this promoted the progress,
9533 which is a result of large amounts of information on storm tracks, property location, and wetland location all being digitized for use in a geographical information system basis.
9534 Deepening trade agreements to cover investment and services for the purpose of boosting competition is also key,
9535 I am pleased to welcome the Vinden team to Gateley. This is a team we know and trust. Their results driven, client centric and inclusive culture is fully aligned with Gateley's and we are confident that the integration process will be smooth and rapid. Bringing Vinden's skills in-house strengthens and expands our corporate advisory, dispute management and resolution expertise,
9536 If you watch the press conference, whatever he's talking about apparently really bothered him because it had nothing to do with the topic he was previously discussing. But I have no idea what it was!
9537 The prolonged shutdown will lower industrial activity not only in China but also abroad through lower goods exports to China,
9538 Tomorrow new tests will take place in Madrid. The patient has been quarantined.
9539 It has been a nightmare of a weekend. We haven't seen an episode like this for 40 years,
9540 We compelled him to testify, to tell the truth.
9541 Alas, we will never live in an ideal world. The responses will continue to come out in a piecemeal fashion.
9542 This is a crisis where people who believe in sides can easily gain.
9543 Confidence matters in volatile times. It would have been better for the Fed to cut by 25 [ basis points ] and let markets hope for more,
9544 Amazing scenes NHS we f ****** love and adore you all.
9545 It's not down to me rasta I want to play all the time it's a few months off so hopefully it'll have f *** ed off by then,
9546 Bonehead [ Paul Arthurs, who originally played guitar with Oasis ] will be in the band and we'll be ripping it up, man,
9547 Thank you very much NME Awards for the Best Music Film,
9548 practice what u preach my dear... Be Kind xxx
9549 And if people can't handle that? F ***'em. I'm just a person in a band.
9550 Once this is put to bed, we need to get Oasis back for a one-off gig... for charity,
9551 Yesterday (Remastered 2015) - Youtube,
9552 Love is real bants is real.
9553 We're getting back together Noel Gallagher being minted and rich as fuck he's doing it for nothing me being a desperate cunt and have fuck all else going for himself I'm doing it for the cash c'm on you know.
9554 And so both parties need to show humility, commit to changing and sort it out. And that means being willing to face up publicly to the scale of the problem.
9555 huge scaling back in ambition
9556 It's time we stopped blaming Brexit for all this, or using Brexit as an excuse.
9557 Our next leader will need support to rebuild.
9558 For millions of workers, that means their employer will receive more than they actually earned,
9559 Garrison shops in terms of physical structures already exist in the cantonment areas but there is no subsidy, that is what we want to try to cure with this proposal,
9560 Because if we keep the currency stable then we will make sure that the pricing process among the retailers is delinked from volatility and we have less of USD pricing,
9561 Farmers are able to access the credit, so there is one scheme that is working well and we are very pleased that we are doing it for the first time, and that it has worked. We have seen that the partnership around food security is working between Government and the private sector.
9562 global interplay between the economy and the climate
9563 He was never indicted,
9564 Auschwitz was full of horrible pain & suffering documented in the accounts of survivors. Inventing a fake game of human chess for @ huntersonprime is not only dangerous foolishness & caricature. It also welcomes future deniers. We honor the victims by preserving factual accuracy.
9565 It is a story about grand good and grand evil, but very slowly the colors begin to desaturate, and it becomes this story that lives not in black and white, but in the grey and that murky morality. If we hunt these monsters, do we risk becoming them ourselves? This story is really about the cost of what happens to our heroes when they do take up that mantle and hold that dagger and go after these Nazis. Do they sacrifice their souls to make the world a better place, to rid evil from the world?
9566 And it was never purported to be.
9567 It was also a desire to create a sense of catharsis and wish fulfilment for a young Jewish kid growing up on Long Island who wanted to see superheroes who looked like him on screen, [ superheroes ] who engaged with the perpetration against the Jewish people in a way that felt unique and special, in a way that we reclaimed power.
9568 I have at least five seasons' worth of ideas of where I see the series going, and I certainly know the ending of the series,
9569 as much reverence as possible.
9570 If this gets worse than we currently expect, we're going to commit to make up to any short term inflation shortfalls.
9571 It's not going to happen by magic or encouraging everyone not to pollute the air.
9572 Perhaps India's Greatest Challenge in Recent Times
9573 The finance minister's words are extremely reasonable, but you're basically hoping oil prices will be higher and the coronavirus will be waning.
9574 The point is, there's a balance,
9575 We think of defensive medicine as playing a negative role, but it can also play a positive role.
9576 The uncertainty that it is creating is also likely to affect domestic spending. As a result, GDP growth in the March quarter is likely to be noticeably weaker than earlier expected.
9577 has deteriorated in some markets
9578 The easing of monetary policy last year is supporting employment and income growth in Australia and a return of inflation to the medium-term target range,
9579 As we deal with it as best we can, we also need to look to the other side when things will recover,
9580 Higher asset prices and a willingness to take on more risk can be good for the global economy, especially if they lead to more investment, not just more borrowing.
9581 in time, will boost household spending
9582 will not increase the cash rate target until progress is being made towards full employment and it is confident that inflation will be sustainably within the 2-3 percent target band,
9583 There is a lot of dispute within the economics profession about this, and I know that the Sanders campaign is relying on the most optimistic assumptions about how much wealth there is to tax,
9584 We need to shut it down now.... This is the only answer,
9585 Everyone does better in the event that this period is shorter than longer,
9586 On CNBC, I disclosed my beliefs to the best of my ability,
9587 Although Qatar is always reaching out to people around the world and welcoming the world to Qatar, it is especially gratifying to us to enjoy the sustained, focused activity made possible by our Year of Culture.
9588 We will surely go to our government eventually,
9589 given the backward-looking nature of W&I cover, and the ability to disclose against known issues, we would not expect to see coronavirus exclusions become a common feature of W&I polices, but coronavirus concerns may creep in on transactions where there is a particular exposure to the risk coupled with warranties which have been poorly disclosed against.
9590 Negative rates may have had some positive effects on financial and property markets. But the side-effects, such as the hit to banks' earnings, have also been big,
9591 Our advice is go big.
9592 3.3 per cent is not a fantastic growth -- it is sluggish.
9593 During the SARS epidemics, there was a dip in growth in the months during and immediately after the containment of the epidemics,
9594 focus on supporting macroeconomic policy.
9595 There needs to be bottom-up analysis of the impact so we can then agree on synchronized, or even better, coordinated measures to protect the world economy from a more serious shock.
9596 Trade truce is not the same as trade peace,
9597 The reality is global growth remains sluggish. A co-ordinated fiscal response can boost growth,
9598 Unfortunately, over the past week, we've seen a shift to a more adverse scenario for the global economy,
9599 flexible and rapid-disbursing emergency response toolkit.
9600 We discussed the authorities' economic reforms to restore macroeconomic stability and promote inclusive growth,
9601 The Government of Pakistan has requested financial assistance under the Fund's Rapid Financing Instrument (RFI),
9602 It would also keep us bound by EU legislation, at a point when we need legislative and economic flexibility to manage the UK response to the Coronavirus pandemic.
9603 We know that the disease is spreading quickly. With over one-third of our membership affected directly, this is no longer a regional issue -- it is a global problem calling for a global response,
9604 Fiscal policy should be flexible and growth-friendly while ensuring debt as a share of GDP is on a sustainable path,
9605 But we expect recovery in 2021.
9606 Beyond these positive individual country actions, as the virus spreads, the case for a coordinated and synchronized global fiscal stimulus is becoming stronger by the hour,
9607 Our message is spend as much as you can but keep the receipts. We don't want accountability and transparency to take a back seat in this crisis.
9608 The inability of national governments to come together even at such a critical time to forge a common front against the pandemic highlights a dangerous fracturing of international cooperation,
9609 Time is fluid in the TED world,
9610 Australian consumers have lost a once-in-a-generation opportunity for stronger competition and cheaper mobile telecommunications services with this merger now allowed to proceed.
9611 We acknowledge some fans were disappointed that the USA Men's Basketball team that competed in Australia in August did not include some of the NBA's biggest stars,
9612 We are very pleased to see it's been lifted,
9613 We also remind consumers that many small and medium business are trying to respond to the COVID-19 outbreak as best they can. We urge consumers to exercise patience and treat service staff with courtesy and respect as they fulfil consumer requests for refunds and remedies.
9614 These Takata NADI 5-AT airbags may kill or injure vehicle occupants if they misdeploy in an accident,
9615 Last year, motorists who parked at an airport car park away from the terminal paid up to 60 per cent less than those who parked right at the terminal. On top of this, drivers who pre-booked online paid up to 39 per cent less than the drive-up rates available.
9616 Retailers are increasing plan allowances or reducing excess charges to help their customers adjust, and they should be applauded for this.
9617 Individual banks can still offer more favourable and tailored terms to business customers outside of this proposed agreement.
9618 Customer deposits recorded a 65 per cent gain year-to-date (ytd) to N4.239 trillion with low-cost deposits accounting for 54 per cent of the deposits mix. Pre-tax profits also grew 47 per cent to N103.1 billion, driven largely by a 71 per cent increase in net interest income, evidencing proficient utilisation of the bank's assets. Customer deposits has grown by 8.1 per cent since the merger from a combined customer deposits of N3.92 trillion in March' 2019 to N4..24 trillion in September 2019 with strong retail base. Similarly, net loans and advances grew by 7.2 per cent post the merger. Deliberate investments in expanding our digital lending portfolio resulted in daily volume disbursement of over N1 billion, putting us in the forefront of digital lending. The strong retail lending contribution demonstrates our commitment to improve access to financial services by leveraging on innovative digital platforms,
9619 He must use it to tackle the many serious economic challenges that are emerging, and not allow divisive issues to occupy centre-stage,
9620 The voice of the youth is unlikely to be silenced easily. In any society, students and the youth are the ones most likely to speak the truth if only because they have the least to lose and the most to gain,
9621 The strength of India is perception that there is a broad consensus on good policy... not a competition between ideologies. Right up to Vajpayee and UPA government, that is the image... That continuity is not being really kept,
9622 If the world is on fire it seems to me voters are going to be pretty happy to hear that someone has an ambitious plan to rescue us from this inevitable fate,
9623 It's not a good time to be drawing upon it. These are savings that should be preserved for retirement,
9624 Maximising the effectiveness of our measures means coordination across all the bank's policy committees, which are simultaneously acting today, and working the Treasury, so acting on Budget day.
9625 To identify the largest opportunities and to manage the associated risks, disclosures of climate risk must become comprehensive, climate risk management must be transformed, and investing for a net-zero world must go mainstream.
9626 As is entirely appropriate, there is a debate at the MPC over the relative merits of near-term stimulus to reinforce the expected recovery in UK growth and inflation,
9627 The catastrophic business-as-usual scenario where no further climate action is taken, a scenario where early policy action delivers an orderly transition to the targets set in Paris (in 2015), and a third where late policy action leads to a disorderly and disruptive transition.
9628 Governance is the core pillar of any form of digital currency,
9629 Forward guidance is part of the armoury of every major central bank.
9630 Companies need to be looking at the impact of climate change on their business, products and strategy and set out to investors how they are responding to these risks,
9631 the possibility that uncertainties over future trading relationships could remain entrenched
9632 Well, that hasn't been the case, but they could make that argument,
9633 nature manifesting itself during the Coronavirus situation and we human beings have be attentive to the message they are transmitting.
9634 nearly 260 percent after the Second World War,
9635 most of the impact has already happened-migration from the EU has dropped sharply
9636 Clearly, losing one of the big member states is a significant blow to the EU,
9637 not out of ammo,
9638 There's always been an aspect of the Federal Reserve that has been tied to community,
9639 We would have known it was coming,
9640 This year was good news. We could have a lot more good news.
9641 I don't want to see anything less than $1.5 trillion,
9642 seek to minimize the suffering of his victims,
9643 chronic, serious medical conditions,
9644 There's no cure for my type of disease,
9645 The degree of tightening of overall financial conditions is now approaching the crunch seen in late 2018, but it has happened over just four days, rather than three months.
9646 The permits numbers are a better guide to the underlying picture because they are much less weather-sensitive, and the December numbers are a bit disappointing.
9647 The December numbers look good in isolation, but they are tempered by downward revisions to prior data,
9648 It appears from state numbers that the order of magnitude increase compared to normal is about 10,
9649 The Empire State index has substantially over-predicted the national ISM [ manufacturing index ] since the trade war intensified last spring, because manufacturers in NY state are less reliant on China trade than firms on the west coast but the virus hit is so broad and deep that lower sensitivity to China is no protection now,
9650 We are now on alert for a policy change at any time. Our base case, for what it's worth, is that the Fed will ease by a total of 75 basis points by the June meeting. Much more drastic action, though, is entirely possible.
9651 The government has announced decisive fiscal actions to defend Canadians and the economy from the damaging effects of COVID-19. These actions are designed to support individuals and businesses through this very difficult time, and to minimize any permanent damage to the structure of the economy.
9652 The bank will begin acquiring Government of Canada securities in the secondary market. This will help address strains in the Government of Canada debt market and to enhance the effectiveness of all other actions taken so far. We will keep this program going until it's clear the economic recovery is well underway.
9653 meaningful shortfall on our inflation target,
9654 The Bank is also providing extra support to the Canada Mortgage Bond market so that this important funding market continues to function well,
9655 The proposed amendments will include raising the amount of pecuniary penalties, giving PCC the power to conduct dawn raids without court order, and reinforcing its primary, original and exclusive jurisdiction over all competition cases,
9656 The resiliency of communities left behind by globalization was diminished by the Great Recession which made it especially hard for the vulnerable undergoing a midlife crisis with few resources, to withstand the shock,
9657 The risk to the rest of the population is low.
9658 North-south co-operation on protecting the health and well-being of our citizens has been well established for many years. It is essential that we continue to work together as closely as possible at this time.
9659 We have been planning for the first case in Northern Ireland and we have robust infection control measures in place which have enabled us to respond immediately. The risk to individuals in Northern Ireland has not changed at this stage.
9660 `There things are not going well because the trade war has done a lot of damage in those states.
9661 [ The coronavirus ] will need to break through the job market firewall if it is to do significant damage to the economy,
9662 There's nothing in the Great Depression that is analogous to what we're experiencing now.
9663 The economic fallout is spreading quickly,
9664 Without President Bush' s decision to support some tax increases along with spending cuts in the 1990 legislation, the economic boom of the 1990s would have been significantly diminished,
9665 I think large companies are going to be slower to lay off. They are going to try to get through this,
9666 I think it's going to do damage. It's going to change the trajectory of the U.S. and global economy in the first quarter and probably for the year as a whole.
9667 We don't want to put people back to work when the public health situation is still in bad shape,
9668 severe consequences for the financial system and, therefore, for the economy of not taking action.
9669 America's ecosystem of small businesses is a complex web of networks, relationships, and firm-specific knowledge and productivity.
9670 Strategic Focusing of Globalview Capital Limited,
9671 Students are asked not to return to campus after Spring Recess and to meet academic requirements remotely until further notice. Students who need to remain on campus will also receive instruction remotely and must prepare for severely limited on-campus activities and interactions. All graduate students will transition to remote work wherever possible. Schools will communicate more specific guidance and information, and we encourage everyone to review previous guidance about both international and domestic travel.
9672 What was once a strong commitment to academic exchange is being eroded by a visa and immigration process that often treats international students and international scholars with scrutiny and suspicion, if not outright disdain and distrust,
9673 To get the [ average ] price of electricity down to  0.02 or  0.03 per kWh is going to be an enormous, enormous challenge,
9674 Today, Africa has over 440 million cell phone subscribers. Returns on digital infrastructure are very high as the continent expands broadband infrastructure to boost connectivity and improve services,
9675 the biggest thing to happen to Africa in the near future.
9676 The AfDB has also launched the Continental Nutrition Accountability Scorecard at an AU summit in Feb. 2019. The scorecard provides heads of states with a snapshot of progress and areas where action is needed to meet the agreed nutrition goals,
9677 Africa has everything it needs to become a global superpower.
9678 When they're willing to be held accountable by an independent body. Only when we see that will we know they're being ethical in the true sense.
9679 Together, Scottish Rugby and Rugby Players Scotland have recognised that we need to take appropriate measures as a result of this. This approach will allow us to protect our players and the organisation as much as possible through this uncertain period. This is a rapidly changing picture. We will continue our positive dialogue with RPS to assess what we need to do to protect our sport, our people and the rugby community.
9680 Africa may lose half of its GDP with growth falling from 3.2 per cent to about 2 per cent due to a number of reasons. They include the disruption of global supply chains,
9681 At a time where leaders seem to be more about self than society, Shackleton sacrificed his own needs to ensure the wellbeing of his team -- that's inspirational.
9682 Rather than spending so much effort worrying about what China is taking from us, we should be thinking about what we can get from China.
9683 More money for those at the top means less for everyone else.
9684 They may never do that, but you don't build extra capacity without the idea that you might use it.
9685 central economic paradox of our time
9686 His writ doesn't run, it is the autumn of the patriarch... India has a huge foreign exchange crisis and the western influence is growing. Nehru's cabinet is divided into the right wing led by Govind Ballabh Pant, SK Patil and Morarji Desai, and there is a left wing headed by Menon and KD Malaviya, and Nehru is trying to mediate between the two. But Nehru couldn't sell the negotiation formula to his own cabinet.
9687 As somebody who has been associated with the power sector for almost three decades, including as minister, the call to go dark for 9 min at 9 pm on April 5 can have deep impact on the grid and its stability. I sincerely hope this is being properly managed.
9688 Lastly, I was struck by the dignity of his tone throughout this speech. At no point does he display rancour or a sense of injury. He doesn't even defend himself-except on the absurd claim about soldiers not having clothes and shoes.
9689 Gandhi is many things to many people,
9690 The BJP wants to exclude certain communities from the CAA... BJP's policy is one of excluding Muslims. We want to include everybody. Tamils from Sri Lanka, Christians from Bhutan, Ahamedias from Pakistan... Citizenship should not be based on religion. That is our fundamental position because that was rejected by our Constitution makers and it violates Article 14 of our Constitution,
9691 There is doubt in public's mind about the situation in Kashmir. Section 144 was in force throughout Kashmir, internet shutdown, communication was down. So, we had filed a petition in the Supreme Court to lift section 144 and decide criteria for implementing it.
9692 horrendous attacks against civilians.
9693 So not all allies will see the peak of the pandemic at the same time, and this makes it possible to reallocate some resources.
9694 extremely important to convey a clear message to Taliban that they have to show and demonstrate a real will and ability to reduce violence and to engage in credible peace talks
9695 But as long as Russia does not respect existing agreements, like the INF agreement, then of course there is no way that we can maintain that treaty.
9696 the West left a bit too early
9697 So I welcome the dialogue between Turkey and the European Union, and I trust that the way forward can be found. NATO will continue to play its part. We are currently deployed in the GNC to help tackle the refugee and migrant crisis. Allies are also prepared to continue to support Turkey, and we are exploring what more we may be able to do,
9698 Everything we do will be in close consultation and co-ordination with the Iraqi government,
9699 I call on all parties to deescalation this very dangerous situation.
9700 So, the focus of NATO now is on how can we reinforce any part of the alliance, if needed, in the east or the south or the west or north or wherever it's needed?
9701 I think they are going to do a lot to ease people's fears, ease people's anxieties.
9702 Independently from what we were doing, he was doing something similar down in Hawaii. I talked to him and I said, `Well hey, we need to support you too.
9703 I think we were quite clear about managing the macro and fiscals in the past three years and as well very conservative as what we are planning to do in 2020. Therefore, we don't think there is a challenge at all, in terms of the timing and government's commitment to fiscal prudence and discipline.
9704 This is to encourage the diaspora to see themselves as Ghanaians when conducting business in Ghana or buying a land,
9705 lovely, warm and talented
9706 Or it could develop into something broader -- and that's the kind of calculus you have to do when you're thinking about monetary policy.
9707 the supply shock could evolve into a demand shock,
9708 Some people... say: `I am willing to take the risk of a very low-interest rate now,' and others say the problem with that is, if you do end up with a financial stability problem, the very people you are trying to help are going to be the ones that are hurt worse... That is kind of the issue. It may be about a time-frame question.
9709 But in general I am seeing that as a risk to my forecast-I haven't marked down my forecast.
9710 Shenandoah Valley Juvenile Center has egregiously and repeatedly departed from accepted professional norms -- including failing to provide adequate mental health treatment to children in its care with known mental health issues and using punitive measures including lengthy solitary confinement.
9711 Transgender youth are at especially high risk and face unique types of discrimination and trauma while experiencing homelessness. Young people should never have to fear discrimination or violence in seeking services, and we must not fail them by rolling back the very policies meant to protect them.
9712 They will go after him on issues of climate and he's defence of the sports funding. He will be under huge pressure.
9713 This feels like the most serious threat since the financial crisis,
9714 But basically the system is set up so that no matter what medical treatment can be created, they pretty much all get to be paid for.
9715 experience and skills will be invaluable as part of the management team to lead the reform that is so necessary within the FAI.
9716 Of course I do... There's no way that I could do anything else.
9717 I welcome the appointment of the Independent directors to the board of the FAI. I am looking forward to a fresh, constructive dialogue opening between the new FAI and the government. The board will now be fully refreshed with the entire old guard removed. I am hopeful that all stakeholders will now be able to pursue a common goal of root and branch reform, of changing the culture of the FAI and ensuring that grass roots football, players, staff and volunteers are all protected.
9718 Our three-year-old daughter wants to know if her daddy is coming back. She wants to know when he is coming home,
9719 new dawn for Irish football
9720 My own situation is worse than precarious,
9721 However, it didn't make sense to add shots of the UK and its cities -- in fact, it was confusing -- so we added US cityscapes to give it an American feel for the majority of the audience who assume it is somewhere in the US.
9722 around the amount of ratings, influencer chats and blockings we wanted.
9723 I just want to read you what I wrote, and I'm gon na try to start... I just really want you to know that this is important to me,
9724 I'm gon na get some ice for my wine. You want any?
9725 She votes against the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, which is just basically protecting us from domestic abuse and stalking. She thinks if you're a gay couple or even look like a gay couple, you should be allowed to be kicked out of a restaurant. It's really basic human rights and it's right and wrong at this point, and I can't see another commercial and see her disguising these policies behind the words Tennessee Christian values. Those aren't Tennessee Christian values. I live in Tennessee. I am Christian. That's not what we stand for.
9726 If AI is a black box, then people won't trust it. In a connected world, however, the trust will be essential,
9727 if you have a new medication to try to cure cancer, and you run a clinical trial on it and it doesn't work, you don't just say, `I guess that's it, we're stuck with cancer.' You keep trying other things.... We're not going to give up on improving the efficiency of health care delivery and the well-being of this incredibly under-served population. We need to continue to develop potential solutions and rigorously evaluate them.
9728 Indians are making mark for themselves outside the country. The intelligent minds are leaving the country because they don't get proper facilities and benefits here,
9729 I welcome Namo's (Narendra Modi) statement in Kolkata that History, as we know, should be reviewed. He should implement that statement by re-naming Victoria Memorial as Rani Jhansi Smarak Mahal. Queen Victoria took over India after the betrayal of Rani Jhansi in 1857 and looted India for 90 years
9730 I will be forced to go to court. We cannot sell our family silver,
9731 Today I am in court for completion of my cross examination in the NH case. May have to miss Parliament.
9732 I request the Prime Minister (Narendra Modi) to bring in a national freedom of religion bill wherein the district administration conducts an investigation into applications (for conversions) before clearing it,
9733 limited if any effectiveness,
9734 Some repo might be needed at least through April, when tax payments will sharply reduce reserve levels.
9735 But, it is a challenging situation and we're going to keep on top of it.
9736 If this were resolved in say a one-or two-quarter slowdown in growth, that's probably not something that changes the big picture, but I agree it's a challenging situation, we're going to keep on top of it.
9737 The cave crickets who venture out of the caves at night to feed may also struggle to find food in the fire-ravaged landscape, so there will be broader ecological impacts on the caves precinct.
9738 These would be dire performance figures for any December but what's worrying is that we are still awaiting the truly cold winter weather that we know will plunge the NHS into further problems.
9739 Unlike Barnier, BoJo is a bluffer, a populist as they say. You mustn't take him at his word in what he says every day,
9740 We are very aware that we must be very careful to avoid moral hazard,
9741 underestimate the impact in terms of both confidence or psychology and the real impact on trade, on tourism,
9742 The government's first line of financing will come from an endowment fund and accumulated cash surplus but it will not be enough,
9743 We're having fun. Interest rates are down, household savings are at 8 percent, up from 2 percent in 2007. The struggle is navigating the lines at Disneyland.
9744 We don't want to minimize what's happening, but scary unemployment numbers are to be expected,
9745 I have nothing really significant to say (about India),
9746 This is the moment of solidarity.
9747 the impact of the virus on the economy and markets should also be softened by monetary and fiscal policy.
9748 In addition, many countries now face multiple crises? a health crisis, a financial crisis, and a collapse in commodity prices, which interact in complex ways,
9749 Higher borrowing costs will expose financial vulnerabilities that have accumulated during years of low interest rates, leading to a heightened risk that debt cannot be rolled over,
9750 they are not left behind in the growth story
9751 experiencing particularly large disruptions,
9752 The world has changed dramatically in the three months since our last World Economic Outlook update on the global economy,
9753 It doesn't have a tax base it can lean heavily on. If it doesn't get help from both the federal government and the state, I think it's in pretty substantial trouble.
9754 The attitude should be we're at war with this pandemic, we're going to win this war,
9755 It's the reason that recent incidents we have seen-with the Iranian general killed, Libya unrest -- didn't boost international oil prices,
9756 lower the peak and flatten the curve.
9757 People around the world will notice whether or not those commitments that the governments, companies [ have made ] are going to fade away or disappear when the market conditions change... I think this is a really important issue for the credibility of the companies and the governments,
9758 We see a huge oversupply in the oil market,
9759 We are not ruling out a further downward revision. There is no escaping a scenario [ coronavirus' impact ] -- however temporary -- that could result in the lowest oil demand growth in a decade,
9760 the impacts are already severe mainly because the transport sector is heavily affected.
9761 Average investment by oil and gas companies in non-core areas has so far been limited to around one per cent of total capital spending.
9762 Just because of the trauma he had been through, the only way he handled things was to yell and scream and act out.
9763 Not only will this allow people to make sure everyone is taken care of in a community, but it will also give the entire supply chain a chance to recover and adapt,
9764 Gene-edit foods our next risk communication fiasco?
9765 People are trying them out, but they don't really stick to it,
9766 That's not how we at the court function.
9767 The rest is, more or less, a reiteration of China's IMF and existing G-20 commitments.
9768 Of all the various things expected in the deal, they were really underwhelming. The absence of any genuine, new commitments on the part of China, simply repackaging existing commitments -- that was undoubtedly disappointing.
9769 This is a decision by the U.S. government to close its eyes to important determinants of the American people's health, pretending they aren't there.
9770 unlimited access to their respective territories, in addition to daily shipment flights
9771 8,000 children in this commonwealth who are in our care because they are in the custody of the Department of Children and Families
9772 despite a sharp slowdown in reported infections in Hubei province and China more generally, economic activity in China is even weaker than we had anticipated,
9773 One challenge would be to implement stimulus quickly, when it is likely to be most necessary.
9774 To be clear, the health situation remains very bad in absolute terms, especially in the US which is now ahead of Italy and Spain in terms of coronavirus-related fatalities (though still much lower on a per-capita basis).
9775 Evidence shows the invisible hand of the market, and openness, enables growth at both aggregate and sectoral levels. These are the two pillars for wealth creation in the economy,
9776 Make money -- there is no weapon sharper than it to sever the pride of your foes
9777 ... this is not an ordinary slowdown... it is India's great slowdown,
9778 For an agency that was created in 1913 to play a very passive role of temporarily providing liquidity,
9779 I have looked at historical systems going back to the beginning of our country, because I think you can gain valuable insights by comparing economic performance under one set of monetary rules versus another. But money only moves forward.
9780 That line of thinking will evaporate,
9781 It's just the nature of having power that causes people in power to abuse the privilege. I think we're now at a point where we have to ask if we can even trust government to regulate the value of our money.
9782 meaningful reform of the Planning Authority and the way planning is done in our country
9783 One of GEM's attributes is that it's usually a very large piece of fruit, which makes it a large premium offering for retailers who are also carrying a smaller size, economical variety. All in all, this gives the consumers a variety of options while shopping for avocados during this season.
9784 pushing large amounts of money into Nigeria, South Africa, and others without the strongest program to sustain it and push it forward.
9785 we're now finalizing an additional package that will focus on the broader economic consequences
9786 These projects focus squarely on delivering better services for Nigerians: ensuring that children are immunized and sleep under mosquito nets, building better roads, especially in rural areas, and providing Nigeria's poorest citizens with a unique identification that will make social safety nets and services more effective,
9787 Nigeria is central to the World Bank Group's mission of tackling extreme poverty. The World Bank is carefully targeting its support on high impact projects as the country works to tackle corruption and lift 100 million of its people out of poverty.
9788 That's why we would not do that. We would say `pay us a certain amount to be on the steering committee, be a member of a consortium of companies.' And then we know we're preparing students for a variety of corporate pathways, not just one.
9789 The EIB has considerable expertise in financing wind energy around the world. With our new Energy Lending Policy, we are committed to supporting even more such projects and we are happy that this particular project is very much in line with our climate objectives.
9790 We have great momentum with a well-oiled investment machine... fueled by the capital resources to pursue complex transactions anywhere in the world,
9791 but I haven't lost faith in what (Pistons coach Dwane Casey) is doing and how we're developing the players and our future.
9792 Comments accepted through this email address do not appear to have been publicly available to others during the comment period, and it is my understanding that they remain unavailable today,
9793 My hope is that 4 republican senators will join 47 democrats, not to convict, just to say well this jury needs to hear from everybody that has relevant information,
9794 He's reduced - the administration proposed reducing EPA funding by I think almost a third. Almost a third. But go ahead.
9795 For over a century, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act has protected the hundreds of species of birds that call Delaware home,
9796 It makes it clear this is a serious threat,
9797 Every year it is very moving to be able to offer so many excellent students, PhD candidates and post-docs this opportunity for an exchange and for the further development of their careers. For our 70th Meeting we are particularly pleased that we were able to gain new academic partners in four countries who will send Young Scientists to Lindau this summer.
9798 Home sellers are positioned well, but prospective buyers aren't as fortunate. Low inventory remains a problem, with first-time buyers affected the most.
9799 I look forward to working with Abellio as the new franchise operators throughout their franchise term, to see how we can further enhance the service with more trains and direct access to major cities in the north.
9800 Should the G20 countries tomorrow impose a 25 per cent minimum tax on their multinationals, more than 90 per cent of the world's profits would immediately become effectively taxed at 25 per cent or more.
9801 So far, 600 kits have been given to needy families,
9802 We  ve heard loud and clear that financial support could enable them to keep the lights on and pay people who can  t come to work.
9803 one of the hardest things anyone can go through.
9804 to justify the tax benefits,
9805 My experience is that by not having a European center and running everything through the US, it is very costly in terms of taxes,
9806 Small businesses are the heartbeat of our communities, and many of the people who run these businesses are heavily affected by the crisis -- especially as more and more people sensibly stay home,
9807 At Facebook, we're really focused not just on ourselves, but on the small businesses that use our platform, because this could be devastating.
9808 Everyone in this crisis has a responsibility to do what they can do. We are really actively trying to get the right information to the right people.
9809 Our hiring is keeping at a very, very aggressive clip,
9810 where the severity of the coronavirus is increasing as it is for the majority of our members across the globe
9811 It helps people articulate something that they've been feeling but perhaps haven't been able to say and certainly not as succinctly and powerfully. So, it's an important part of the political discourse.
9812 They may be resistant, they may want to do the investigation on their own, but this has had a huge consequence for the world,
9813 I have been contacted by the Don't Screen Us Out community, who are particularly concerned about the scope of the regulations and the impact on families with Down's syndrome children.
9814 This [ deal ] continues the decade-long transition of our firm to a more balance-sheet-light business mix, emphasizing more durable sources of revenue,
9815 We are appealing to the government to check the nation's economic dependence on China,
9816 we arguably hit a new low
9817 They are throwing money in the wrong place,
9818 We have created the largest multi-branded EV fuel network in the UK, with more than 1,700 charging points to date and continue to grow the electric charging network to ensure all our customers' needs are covered by the one card.
9819 We'll ask them to do more review,
9820 a small army of lawyers and investigators including veterans of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Scotland Yard. They allegedly persuaded some of Nygrd's former allies to provide evidence for a defamation lawsuit in 2015. Two alleged informants Livingston `Toggie' Bullard and Wisler `Bobo' Davilma we're reportedly paid $1.5 million primarily for secret recordings of meetings with Nygrd.
9821 Governor Dhankhar appreciated this direct telecast of FM speech as it helps people know about Legislature working. However, this situation makes discrimination apparent. This is a crucifixion of democratic values. All over the country there is increasing transparency of proceedings of the House. It is for the Legislator, Executive and the Media to engage in soul searching as regard this kind of media muzzling and censorship.
9822 I tell my potential Ph.D. students to bring their own topics, and have helped them in research on nearly 20 quite distinct topics in statistics and probability,
9823 something of a pattern emerging.
9824 The big question mark will be on whether the private sector can regather its momentum,
9825 Revenue administration measures are already bearing fruit, with an improved record on tax collection in the recent past. While rising public debt has been a key concern -- especially with the October 2019 raising of the debt ceiling to KSh9 trillion, from an earlier cap of 50 per cent of GDP -- a sustained and meaningful fiscal consolidation should boost confidence,
9826 Although existing bank loans will not reprice higher, we expect a steady acceleration in private-sector credit growth given that banks are now better able to price for risk,
9827 He got on a wavelength that really spoke to a lot of people who are suffering,
9828 For a well-paid employee earning a salary of $150,000, the average family policy adds less than 10 percent to the cost of employing the worker,
9829 I frankly don't think there is a significant trade-off because with all banks being told to do this, the usual argument against forgoing dividends -- that if a bank does this it will signal it is in trouble -- doesn't apply,
9830 Well, that's an interesting way of looking at things, '
9831 I think a `V' is possible, but I am worried that the outcome will be worse and it really depends to my mind on just how much damage is done during the time that the economy is shut down in the way it is now,
9832 Kerry's fuzzy diplospeak made it clear that he was there only because he had to be, and that he couldn't reconcile himself with what had to be done.
9833 not even beginning to grapple with climate change after all these years
9834 The failure to promote remote working is just the tip of the iceberg. The real problem is Japan's low labour productivity.
9835 The government has to move ahead to invest in infrastructure and get people to work,
9836 It's very important for us in emerging markets to differentiate who is going to be impacted and what the effect will be,
9837 which was a fun challenge.
9838 are they [ the couple ] supposed to use hot money to pay their solicitor?
9839 The advantage is for a larger entity, but sometimes the innovation is from a smaller company.
9840 [ S ] omeone who enters college a conservative will almost certainly leave as one. The same happens with liberals.
9841 a gift from munificent politicians from a better age.
9842 EBS knows, by design, how much pressure it takes to achieve a certain deceleration -- it's being calculated and is learning all the time,
9843 At the moment we have a bit of a paralysis, there's just not the political will to make that fiscal spending.
9844 Germany's excellent economic situation today has been possible not despite, but also because
9845 That is why it is also in Germany's interest that Italy does not slip into a financial crisis.
9846 For more and more Americans, our zip codes are our destiny, with our ability to achieve economic mobility, pursue our careers and afford homes dependent on where we live,
9847 are going back to the Hamptons, and older people who are scared of things like viruses are less likely to have that Fifth Avenue apartment.
9848 I just know we are going to get each other through these difficult uncertain times.
9849 modern way of way of tackling road safety
9850 There could be a point beyond which too much banking is not good for growth... but in fact detracts from growth perhaps by sucking resources into the financial sector.
9851 You have multiple guys that can score, you don't necessarily have one guy that's going to go off for forty and becomes the focus on the game plan.
9852 But there are only several million people at or near the minimum wage,
9853 It could be an ICC-compliant court in Sudan or in the region.
9854 The Arab League is shocked by the attempted assassination of [ Sudan's ] prime minister and confirms its commitment to supporting Sudan through the process of its democratic transformations,
9855 Richard Coe has dedicated nearly four decades of his professional career building an independent wealth management firm serving clients in the Wichita area and beyond. He has built a high touch, planning oriented practice that fits in well with the Creative Planning approach.
9856 After the pandemic has ended, the tax must be continued to fund social housing and the Green New Deal, and create thousands of jobs during what will be a deep recession.
9857 to ensure the rest of the city can have food, shelter, clothing and other basic necessities.
9858 By approving this resolution, the city council will draw a historic line in the sand recognizing the ominous similarities between the NRC and the CAA and the early Nuremberg Laws enacted by the Third Reich in 1930s Germany.
9859 If I can make a confession, I am hoping to win this one too,
9860 The passing away of Krishna Bose is a matter of deep pain for any Bengali who loves his heritage. I consider myself as fortunate to have known her on a personal note,
9861 one-way-mirror operations engineered for our ignorance
9862 They're trying to move as intimately as possible and as quietly as possible into everyday life,
9863 The coronavirus outbreak has been a gift to nativist nationalists and protectionists, and it is likely to have a long-term impact on the free movement of people and goods,
9864 The question has always been in other scenarios if you can detect these clones at earlier or in different contexts, and if they mean anything.
9865 The slippery slope is that they buy things to help out favoured elements of the economy. That makes the central banks no different than a government making bailouts or strategic investments.
9866 We're still hoping and praying for a positive outcome...
9867 But it is very unlikely as it appears to us that the crisis will prolong for the next couple of months,
9868 concurrent with his resignation from BlackRock.
9869 Foreign investment will continue to decline due to the persecution of entrepreneurs and explicit attempts by officials to engage in insider trading,
9870 I think it may be the first time in history that we are deliberately creating a recession, not because we want to do so, but because this health threat is so real.
9871 It is probably true we have people who have those kinds of conditions who are thinking it is too risky to go to the emergency room, particularly when they are unsure of their health problem. And there are going to be negative health effects there that we are not measuring.
9872 Markets will continue to dance to the tune of news about the virus and of the authorities' response.
9873 The virus itself isn't killing the economy, but the response to it is sending us into recession.
9874 There was already reason to question whether markets were a bit too buoyant,
9875 was the worst for stocks in the United States since December 2008, when the country was still reeling from the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the housing crisis that dragged the economy into a recession.
9876 This easy-to-follow, comprehensive program is indispensable for our business and our customers with audio, visual or mobility impairments.
9877 This was due to companies' considerably more restrained expectations. However, they were somewhat more satisfied with their current situation,
9878 In addition, they were even more skeptical about the coming months,
9879 We are just again in this craziest monetary and fiscal mix in history,
9880 You have to hedge your money against a crash,
9881 If I was an investor, better safe rather than sorry. The paper markets are up 1 per cent today means nothing. This is a time to be defensive and go for cash and bonds rather than equity,
9882 An intelligent increase in the supply of credit will support economic growth and help the economy get through the crisis with a minimum impact, thereby contributing to strength of the banking system,
9883 But the reality is we are now in our fifth season, and we've made the playoffs once. It was just time for a change.
9884 We'll switch into it, and then we'll pick up our defense, which ignites our offense.
9885 I'm sure a lot of athletes are figuring that out.
9886 I'm not done with dinner, and I'm not going to look for nobody tonight.
9887 resisted quite a few directives
9888 You can go and live where you want, but was the company obliged to pay for the move?
9889 Alternate delivery of classes will begin on March 23 and continue at least through Friday, April 10,
9890 Containment measures and fear of infection would hit production as well as spending hard and drive many of the epidemic affected countries into outright recession,
9891 life-saving work... especially this time of year.
9892 Manufacturing sectors and our health sector grew faster even in the labour markets, so this is why we have seen the unemployment rate in Barrie come down.
9893 That's because the economic impacts are largely because of the changes in behaviour and not directly because people are sick.
9894 If a bank's clients go bankrupt that is not a case for central banks to intervene,
9895 The shocks which make up the pandemic cause a sharp drop in consumption and investment,
9896 The thing about virus economics that's different from regular business-cycle economics is the most important thing you can do for the economy has nothing to do with the economy.
9897 If people stay home from school, stop traveling and don't go to sporting events, the gym or the dentist, the economic consequence would be worse.
9898 We have trucks that would only do an average of 10,000 kms a year with 40,000 kms on them becuase they have been bees on them that many times.
9899 By 2015, nearly one in six prime-age men with just a high-school degree was neither working nor looking for work, and for those without a high-school diploma, the ratio was worse than one in five,
9900 makes us more aware individuals, it makes us citizens, not just consumers.
9901 Now, TikTok is a part of almost every conversation that we have and so the ground has shifted.
9902 one very good predictor that you're frail is if you use a wheelchair or walker; Medicare is concerned doctors will start giving people wheelchairs or walkers and they don't want to encourage that.
9903 The revolving door between EU authorities and lobby associations must be stopped. The EBA should veto the move from Farkas to the banking lobby at the last minute.
9904 Tomorrow 3.0: The Sharing Economy.
9905 Too many descriptive words can hurt sellers.
9906 I live a 1.2-kilometre walk from Box Hill Hospital and am happy for you to park near my place and I will ferry you to and from BHH for free for the duration of the coronavirus pandemic,
9907 Nobody wiretapped anybody, nobody attempted to wiretap anybody, nobody discussed wiretapping anybody, and quite frankly, I don't know what wiretapping is.
9908 The Central Bank's commitment is to guarantee price stability, which is what the Constitution indicates, and exchange stability. We have achieved it and we will maintain it.
9909 You either regulate or price carbon -- or [ emissions ] won't go down.
9910 show Iran that we own escalation: If they kill one of our men we can kill 30 of theirs,
9911 That really forced me to rethink a lot about what I believed in the world, what I thought was important,
9912 account for more of the racial wealth gap than any other demographic and socioeconomic indicators.
9913 Erdogan wants the regime to withdraw from its own territory, is not this nonsense?
9914 We don't know what the reaction of Iran would be, but they say they will take revenge. The Middle East needs a climate where rationality and wisdom should prevail, not weapons,
9915 The emissions of fashion weeks might be as much as Saint Kitts and Nevis,
9916 Agencies should be encouraged to partner with outside companies and entities that are really good at this,
9917 Behavioral Responses to Wealth Taxes: Evidence from Switzerland.
9918 If you are in a heavy traffic situation, you can set it up so that you don't have to constantly be changing your speed control and stepping on the brake and starting all over again,
9919 We are glad that we can once again entrust Russia to organize a major international tournament,
9920 We are now releasing a new farm support package which will boost production of short-term crops,
9921 We have consistently expanded disclosure (and) the expansion today we think is the most relevant data,
9922 But Bernie does win back some white male union support that went with Trump that year.
9923 eliminates the need for many parents to skip meals in order to feed their kids
9924 If the lockdown extends till the end of May, it could cost the country around 9% of GDP,
9925 the president (AMLO) is playing with fire
9926 The students have struck the widest possible unity among themselves, leading to the spread of the movement across campuses. But now the political parties have to do this. They have to come on board.
9927 We're hoping the economy stays strong so that the increases stay healthy and it doesn't become a crisis.
9928 While we made money in Florida, it's hard to make up for New York City being the way it was during 2019,
9929 Why don't we have a financial transaction tax?
9930 And on the employee side, it could have a macro-economic effect. You could even offset the 5 percent economic decline with the payroll tax cut. And we don't have to have a recession if the virus fades and the third quarter booms.
9931 In addition to continued easing of interest rates, the Bank has taken steps to ensure adequate liquidity in money and government bond markets and to ease capital requirements to free capital for on lending by financial institutions. Each of these steps make more capital available to households and firms,
9932 The Covid-19 pandemic is the biggest disruption to the global economy since the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in 2008,
9933 There will be many IPOs happening in Hong Kong this year; there's going to be a lot of debt issuance in the credit market, the dollar market because Chinese companies need dollar funding,
9934 We are aware of the video from the LSU locker room and are conducting an internal investigation and will have no further comment until that investigation is complete.
9935 Landlords have a lot of obligations right now, and just so happen to provide a service that is one of the essential survival requirements of life -- which is shelter.
9936 continue to pay for their lifestyle.
9937 reduce the number of priorities... There are only so many things you can do
9938 So it's not like a war.
9939 There is a mismatch between the availability of proper training and market needs, not only in the private sector but also in the government sector.
9940 this could be misused and weaponised
9941 Doug Beattie believes that democracy in Northern Ireland is best served by having an opposition at Stormont,
9942 If you're willing to do some of the things that you said you wouldn't do in the past, though, in terms of Medicare...
9943 Managers and agents have said that normally they would see about 10 per cent of the streams, so the amplification is massive,
9944 So we're about 3,600 applications right now. We saw a huge spike in applicants as it started to roll out. It's been tough on music. Out of the 3,600, 2,800 have been (popular) music. And it's not slowing down, we're seeing about 200 applicants a day. What's most surprising has been the classical applicants. I would say classical music is the second highest number and really huge names that are applying.
9945 But I don't think it's going to be enough,
9946 I repeat what I said in 2008 that we'll do what is necessary or as they have said elsewhere, whatever it takes,
9947 more liberal than the IMF.
9948 You're buying a house. They're asking $1,000,000 for it. Your job needs to be to figure out whether that's a good deal. One thing you might think to yourself is `if I rented out that house -- net of my expenses -- how much would I be earning every year? '
9949 I have fear for my family's health and wellness. I don't know, should I be wearing a mask on the subway? Should I not travel? You know, how is my life as I know it going to be interrupted? That's where my anxiety lies.
9950 If you can get people to do it, it is a net win for carbon sequestration,
9951 It doesn't mean Donald Trump is a better monetary economist -- and better policymaker than people on the board -- for arguing the Fed should lower interest rates, and low behold, it eventually had to. That's just a coincidence,
9952 keep its emergency monetary powers and stick to its new methods of managing the supply of money in the economy indefinitely.
9953 It is our chance to assess the current environment and create a responsive plan of action that will lead to a more distinctive UI. We have gathered a wonderful group of dedicated university citizens to help lead this effort, and I look forward to working with them and with the whole university community during this process.
9954 The Australia-China relationship is at its lowest point since diplomatic relations began 46 years ago,
9955 the role of traditional leadership in attaining the sustainable development goals (SDGs).
9956 Let us implement them and not look for ideas again. As for the ideas, we have them.
9957 This experience for most of us is unfathomable. There
9958 We are going to do it in sections, small sections so we can a half block, block or two blocks, or whatever we can afford at the time,
9959 What we really need to understand when we are doing monetary policy is what are the potential medium-term implications, and at the moment this is unclear,
9960 Going into 2020, we remain constructive on gold as late-cycle concerns, heightened political uncertainty coupled with only a modest growth acceleration should, in our view, support investment demand for gold,
9961 It's either you raise taxes, which is unfeasible in Italy since they are already extremely high, or you repay it through sustained economic growth which needs structural reforms to happen and these haven't been passed in 30 years.
9962 maintain inflation around current levels,
9963 The direct advantage of this is that other countries and other international organisations including World Bank and Asian Development Bank also increased their support for Pakistan.
9964 The main constraints are a combination of the need for face-to-face interactions, and the traditions of the workplace,
9965 We had informed Calcutta police. They neither gave us the go-ahead, nor did they try to stop us. So we conducted our programme peacefully,
9966 After an internal disciplinary hearing, chaired by an independent labour law practitioner, The Citizen received the recommendation to dismiss Daniel Friedman from his position as the publication's digital news editor,
9967 Tragically, the Holocaust might have been a wake-up call. Anti-Semitism has existed for thousands of years and is once again on the rise, and I think the nations of the world have now said, `We're not going to see this happen again under our watch.
9968 From a market perspective... it feels like we're coming to the end of it,
9969 It's shocking how well the market trades
9970 Last I heard was up to eight weeks, so that gets us very close to the end of the year,
9971 planting 1 trillion trees by the end of this decade
9972 That is a dimension that we haven't dealt with in the past,
9973 That's not going to give anybody comfort.
9974 The purpose of education is not ranking. But ranking in international assessment is useful because we see ourselves to the mirror of global standard. We must face the challenges that confront education for the country, for the future, for our learners, and not to [ attain ] rank number one,
9975 You'll still have urban centers,
9976 It's the government's job to make sure that the employees are sufficiently protected at work, for example through face masks. And companies should pay their employees high enough bonuses to incite them to keep on working,
9977 Oh we cut interest rates, we stimulate demand. This pushes inflation up.
9978 Our findings strongly suggest that psilocybin therapy is a promising means of improving the emotional, psychological, and spiritual well-being of patients with life-threatening cancer,
9979 `We believe the greater risk is that the impact of the coronavirus on earnings may well be underestimated in current stock prices, suggesting that the risks of a correction are high,
9980 Civil services in India pick up many among these youngsters (taught by Leftleaning faculties) at an early age. Once inside the government, they find themselves safely in the company of others like them for the remainder of their professional lives,
9981 It's an election year and there's always something big that happens during an election year.
9982 well architectured classical houses that are irreplaceable
9983 He has no knowledge of the allegations made by the ABC.
9984 if the University were to recognize the union, that process would stop, and be replaced by the highly regulated and legalistic process of collective bargaining.
9985 That would work out to be about 1.7% of GDP. But if this pandemic continues, we might have to do it again in a month.
9986 They'll have to cut back their spending immediately. That has a significant multiplying effect throughout the world.
9987 it doesn't take much data to swing it one way or the other
9988 bought 300,000 masks with his own money for New York that will be delivered to the Javits Center tomorrow
9989 I trust that GW would formulate plans to avoid that contingency.
9990 She's ascribed to all the things that Corbyn is ascribed to which is just so far off the map from anything ordinary people want in this country and they can't go on denying it. Look at the results!
9991 I felt faint from exhaustion and intensive weeks. Now things are better again. I'm going home now to rest tonight so I can get back to work tomorrow to fight the corona crisis as best I can,
9992 There was today a broad consensus around this 2 percent number.
9993 We cannot at the moment put a number on the concrete economic effects of the coronavirus,
9994 and this is something that is lacking in the United States,
9995 It will provide a great deal of support to households and businesses in the coming months,
9996 At the end of the day it's up to the government agency NOPSEMA to give us the environmental approval,
9997 big absence of justice in the matter
9998 The student community has a great many issues to think about. But the CAA in my judgment should really be turned down by the Supreme Court on the grounds of being unconstitutional. You cannot have certain types of fundamental rights of human beings, in this case, connected with citizenship, be related with religious differences rather than the things that really matter such as where you were born, and what the citizenship laws require you to do,
9999 blood, blood plasma and other elements of blood cause pulmonary edema so that the human can't breathe and dies,
10000 close to 100% chance of a global recession.
10001 The fact is that if this drags on, then everything starts to unwind,
10002 You can do it quickly on the employer side and we need employers not to fire people,
10003 Considering the global uncertainties caused by the massive spread of the virus, BI's monetary easing is still needed to maintain economic stability,
10004 central bank cannot be the only game in town.
10005 keep a close watch on global and domestic economic developments in utilising an accommodative policy mix space,
10006 fiscal policy and monetary policy are stretched -- leaving limited room to respond to shocks.
10007 Helping Somalia achieve debt relief and unlock access to the needed resources to increase growth and reduce poverty is a key priority for the IMF. I am very grateful to our members for all their support in this endeavor,
10008 is reminiscent of the early part of the 20th century, when the twin forces of technology and integration led to the first Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and, ultimately, financial disaster.
10009 For 2020 it is negative  a recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse.
10010 These initiatives will encourage households and firms to use less energy and shift to cleaner fuels,
10011 In those cases, in countries like India and Kenya, cash transfers made with the help of unique identification systems and digital technologies, or in-kind provision of food and medicine, such as in Bangladesh, are possible options,
10012 COVID-19 has disrupted our social and economic order at lightning speed and on a scale that we have not seen in living memory,
10013 IMF has received interest from about 20 more countries for ongoing loan programs, in addition to 40 existing programs totalling $200 billion.
10014 There may be a sizeable rebound, but only if we succeed with containing the virus everywhere and prevent liquidity problems from becoming a solvency issue. A sudden stop of the world economy could create a wave of bankruptcies and layoffs.
10015 This is no longer a regional issue; it is a global problem calling for a global response,
10016 The same way the fund during the global financial crisis brought together both official creditors and private creditors to assess a good pathway through a dramatic crisis, we have to do it this time around as well.
10017 We remain very concerned about the negative outlook for global growth in 2020 and in particular about the strain a downturn would have on emerging markets and low income countries,
10018 excessive inequality hinders growth and... can fuel populism and political upheaval.
10019 Most of the major economies look a lot better today than they did just three months ago,
10020 short-term moderate balance of payments support.
10021 It brings China in the parameters around the 6-percent growth for 2020, rather than below,
10022 In our current baseline scenario, announced policies are implemented and China's economy would return to normal in the second quarter,
10023 could put the recovery at risk
10024 we want to be Morocco's partners and support the reform of the administration and the tax system to ensure that public spending meets the aspirations of Moroccan citizens,
10025 The underlying causes of trade tensions and the fundamental issues of reform of the trade system are still with us.
10026 She has been instrumental in transforming service delivery through modernization and process efficiencies, while strengthening engagement with stakeholders.
10027 It is now clear that we have entered a recession as bad or worse than in 2009,
10028 We are telling everybody `do what you can.' I just want to assure you that we are following our own advice. Everything is on the table in terms of measures we can take,
10029 We're in an early stage of engagement, but I can assure you that we will act very quickly as requests come.
10030 We are mindful of the risks for the parts of Africa that had problems, even before COVID-19, and will mobilize very strongly with Africa, save lives, save jobs, save hope, protect the future.
10031 We have unfortunately seen a shift towards a more adverse scenario for the global economy,
10032 holds a very great threat for the world
10033 the top 10% now control nearly as much wealth as the bottom 50%,
10034 I don't think there's a single new development building that has not come under pressure from banks,
10035 If you use food delivery apps, you won't get a bargain. You will pay more,
10036 It becomes a separate issue. It becomes a different problem. So I think we have to move but we can't move too quickly.
10037 It is said that India reforms only in crisis. Hopefully, this otherwise unmitigated tragedy will help us see how weakened we have become as a society, and will focus our politics on the critical economic and healthcare reforms we sorely need.
10038 It's hard to see the airlines staying afloat in financial terms, so I think we need to be considering at least temporary national ownership,
10039 sustained emphasis on the structural reforms that are still so desperately needed in Nigeria
10040 Although the full impact of the regional locust invasion is difficult to assess, food prices have already been pressured higher,
10041 This statement is inaccurate and not fact-based. It impugns the integrity of the African Development Bank, undermines our governance systems, and incorrectly insinuates that we operate under different standards from the World Bank. The very notion goes against the spirit of multilateralism and our collaborative work,
10042 These important changes to the Inspection Panel Toolkit will enhance the independence and Board oversight of the accountability framework and will give further recourse for people and communities.
10043 give me optimism that policy changes are under way and will work if Ukraine can seize the moment.
10044 The goal of the World Bank in this crisis has been to take broad, fast action, that makes it most effective if we can have a broad response that helps individual countries but that helps the group as a whole,
10045 leverage our IT-related and virtual connection capabilities to the fullest to hold our essential policy consultations with the membership.
10046 To effectively silence the guns African countries will have to ensure all gun imports into the continent are consistent with international practice and the governance systems around the circulation of arms on the continent is transparent.
10047 to go faster and higher
10048 This year is particularly important because we have 10 years to get to 2030 and it is also part of a slice of 2063, the Africa we want, which is the African Union agenda. It really brings everybody together to see what else we need to do to get there,
10049 Our hospital systems are so weak and so stressed already that another stress on them is going to break them,
10050 When it's a voluntary individual action, you have to make that as realistic as possible -- and that means guaranteeing some income,
10051 At least one of the charges against me on the indictment, I think there was a legitimate grievance, even if it wasn't what actually happened and not what was presented at the time,
10052 for a variety of reasons, events are being reinterpreted and exaggerated out of all possible proportion.
10053 BRAINS 50% OFF!
10054 when we crunch the numbers,
10055 There will probably be some falling behind, but people are likely to catch up,
10056 Certainly, it seems that the potential downside risks have eased as the United States and China approach a deal. This all bears watching during the coming year,
10057 Back in 2013, I thought we'd be `home' long ago, but things kept happening to us,
10058 The main channel by which all this turmoil on the trade front has been affecting us, and other countries too, is through the investment channel. Not so much about trade, the fact that trade indicators have slowed a lot is mainly because investment has slowed a lot and investment is a highly trade dependent activity.
10059 Global losses due to the spread of the virus have reached upto US$ 300 billion,
10060 No one goes to the IMF happily, whether it be the previous governments or the current one. The situation compels us [ to do so ],
10061 How will this country be run, even if we earn 5 trillion with a 12pc tax-to-GDP ratio, then the federal government then has to give around 3 trillion to the provinces. So the federal government already starts at a deficit.
10062 I want to tell you that taxes in the first seven months, the target was around 2,200 and we achieved around 2,100,
10063 Pakistan received $350 million from the ADB [ Asian Development Bank ] and we will take another $900 million in June,
10064 The government is facing a challenging situation and under the prevailing circumstances, the prime objective of the government was to contain the virus, provide health care facilities, provision of essential food items at affordable rates, financial assistance to the common man and assistance to the business community to operate their businesses during the times of the pandemic without a permanent set back to the economy.
10065 gon na happen very fucking soon
10066 I was honoured to perform at the legendary showcase that is `MTV Unplugged' . It was a lovely experience and the people of Hull were biblical and sounded fantastic. I hope you enjoy the record. LG x
10067 We've been offered 100 million pounds for a tour -- still not enough for the greedy soul. Oh well, stay young.
10068 Liam what's ur thoughts on coronavirus? The situation is getting more and more complicated.
10069 He's distancing himself from the very supporters he needs.
10070 highlight the resilience of its people.
10071 I think the U.S. is certain to have a recession, in fact, I think we're already in it. Data lags by months so we won't know by June what the March economy will be like but you can, to some extent, see it with the behaviour of consumers.
10072 This is a case where horrible things are happening in the real economy,
10073 In any event, total layoffs between the March and April payroll surveys look destined to reach perhaps 16 to 20 million, consistent with the unemployment rate leaping to 13 to 16%. In one month.
10074 For markets, the key issue is the impact of the Iranian response on oil prices.
10075 The lack of testing in the early stages of the outbreak means that cases will continue to rise sharply,
10076 And like everything else, when there's more of something around, the price tends to fall,
10077 If the current rate of growth were to be sustained, with cases doubling every three days, the U.S. will have four million cases in just over two week's time,
10078 Claims doubled last week from the previous week's record; we can't be sure they have now peaked,
10079 Most western Europe countries, except Belgium and France, saw slightly smaller increases in cases yesterday, but the rate of decline is agonizingly slow,
10080 The question is how, not whether, they will respond. For markets, the key issue is the impact of the Iranian response on oil prices,
10081 make Indonesia a more attractive investment destination,
10082 the right timing and the right measures
10083 I ask you for three things: healthcare to mitigate COVID-19 risks, the disbursement of social funds and economic incentives for business people as well as small and medium businesses,
10084 now it has been opened to private players to be eaten.
10085 requiring hospitals and health plans to publicly release their negotiated rates with multiple contracts and products for every single service they provide.
10086 The situation in the Russian economy is under control. We have all the instruments to make it through calmly, without any shocks,
10087 The main thing, as the president said, is that stable macro-economic conditions were created by the former members of the government for further development. I expect that we will be relying on these conditions in our activities,
10088 additional powers to choose which restrictive measures are best for each particular territory
10089 If we don't understand how this world is developing and what its rules are, if we insist our country is part of the old order, this new world will make us its victim.
10090 Russia has wonderful solutions and its own platforms, it is very important in this sense to help our smart people who create these digital platforms, and to help with export, in general, to determine areas where we can push and where we can develop,
10091 There's been significant restrictions on the movement of people and business within China and we're still ascertaining the impacts, the potential impacts, on trade but I don't think that'll be clear for some time,
10092 Certainly Chinese tourists disperse around many parts of Victoria, certainly down the Great Ocean Road, Phillip Island... near Paynesville and East Gippsland, so there are a number of regional locations,
10093 A lot of analysis on polarization is focused on the U.S., so we thought it could be interesting to put the U.S. in context and see whether it is part of a global trend or whether it looks more exceptional,
10094 If I can earn 4 percent by holding reserves at the Fed, it's not a good deal to lend it out to you at 4.5 percent, given that you're a little risky.
10095 Before the game on the board, Coach Sims wrote all the years that we had won state championships, and he wrote 2001 and he circled it,
10096 It's just a mathematical thing,
10097 Industry also reacted quite dramatically. A lot of banks closed offices, the cost of doing business in many countries started to rise because there was screening, there was rerouting of production chains. And you could actually see that in real time,
10098 not be a tax on workers, it will not be a tax on small businesses, and it will not be a tax on jobs.
10099 This is shockingly unconscionable,
10100 During this pandemic, the consequences of unaffordable rent increases will be even more devastating.
10101 The world economy is now too fragile for governments to gamble on an automatic sharp bounce-back,
10102 Ireland's open economy has helped it emerge stronger from the crisis, yet the country is very exposed to external factors,
10103 There's not a crisis today... The longer we wait, the more difficult it gets.
10104 This codeshare agreement between Qatar Airways and Deutsche Bahn further strengthens the ties between Germany and Qatar. We have witnessed significant growing demand between Germany to Qatar and beyond. Our new codeshare destinations not only meet that demand, but provide a service for our valued passengers in Doha, and from dozens of destinations globally to new, exciting places to explore in Germany.
10105 And we're going to take a stake in their national carrier because we see that Africa is another region that has huge growth potential.
10106 between two successful and ambitious airlines
10107 We are only looking at small wordings of the contract... we should just be finished and we'll make sure that Rwanda becomes an important hub in Africa,
10108 We're going to have a good time Thursday night doing it. We'll be making each other laugh, and I'm sure everybody will laugh along with us,
10109 . @PeteButtigieg is better at diffusing the Hunter Biden scandal than Hunter's own father is.
10110 Is this also applicable to West Nile Virus and the Spanish Flu? People have run out of legitimate stuff to be offended at,
10111 Another real hero in this is Anne Margulies
10112 It's important that we be open to students coming from throughout the world. It's important that we engage with faculty and scholars in different parts of the world. This is, in fact, how we succeed in addressing some of the greatest challenges that we confront.
10113 every year was unto itself, often shaped by circumstances that could not be foreseen at the start of the year
10114 Neither of us knows how we contracted the virus, but the good news -- if there is any to be had -- is that far fewer people crossed our paths recently than is usually the case,
10115 We're confronting decisions that none of us ever had to face in the financial crisis.
10116 as many of the traditional campus festivities that typically precede commencement as possible,
10117 do some of the things that you said you wouldn't do in the past.
10118 Hydrofluoric acid is so dangerous that it could quickly hurt or kill tens of thousands of people or more if a release occurred in a densely populated area.
10119 But... they appear to share the same goal. And that is to reelect Donald Trump, and they see one of the best ways to do that, at least according to our intelligence agencies, is for the Democrats to nominate Senator Sanders,
10120 Filing taxes can be complicated and time-consuming, and many Delaware families might not know about the benefits they are entitled to claim. I encourage every Delawarean in need of assistance to seek out the free help that is available and avoid leaving money on the table this tax season.
10121 Should this body vote to confirm Mr. Ray, his general approach of non-responsiveness to the committee's vetting process sets a concerning precedent.
10122 I would have preferred to see some of the downside risks manifest themselves before the actual cuts,
10123 The statement would convey whether the accumulated changes in these indicators have materially changed the Committee's outlook,
10124 I am comfortable with our current stance of policy,
10125 Obviously we can't know what is going to happen in the Middle East at this point, and it adds to the uncertainty surrounding things, but fundamentally, the economy is sound.
10126 I would like to personally reiterate that these allegations are false and we remain committed to the highest governance standards, built on a strong foundation of ethics. We take our responsibilities as good corporate citizens extremely seriously. We find our strength in the unshaken trust reposed by our customers, shareholders, partners and employees,
10127 investing heavily in new military capabilities.
10128 We will make decisions on the adjustment of force levels together, and one day we will leave together.
10129 Today, allied ministers... agreed in principle to enhance NATO's training mission,
10130 welcome any steps that can lead to a reduction in violence
10131 first step to lasting peace.
10132 Congratulations, North Macedonia!
10133 Some may seek to use the economic downturn as an opening to invest in our critical industries and infrastructure, which in turn may affect our long-term security and our ability to deal with the next crisis, when it comes,
10134 continues to provide Georgia with strong political and practical support, including on cyber-defense.
10135 I call on them to stop their offensive, to respect international law and to back the UN efforts for a peaceful solution,
10136 The road towards peace will be long and hard and we have to be prepared for disappointments.
10137 I am encouraged by Albania's efforts to invest more in defence. And I support you in this endeavour
10138 Through the global coalition to defeat ISIS, NATO allies and NATO have been able to liberate all that territory and all these people, not least by using infrastructure based in Turkey.
10139 prepared to continue to support Turkey and we are exploring what more we may be able to do.
10140 One is to continue with largely a US dollar based multi-currency system, number two we could consider joining the rand monetary area as an approach,
10141 China is the leader in the world in terms of strategies for developing infrastructure and we want to learn from them. There is a lot of resources to tap in terms of infrastructure development,
10142 The new grant will go a long way in strengthening the human and organisational effectiveness of the organisation and ultimately achieving its mission of improving transparency, accountability and good governance,
10143 There is always more activity in the economy than we think.
10144 What is required is for citizens to have confidence in their currency but we as the government also have an obligation to ensure that the currency is stable, and once stability is engendered over time, we will see them move away from US dollar-pricing,
10145 Other countries in the European Union have very similar problems, they say: first, we need to educate; secondly, we must help those who have problems; third, we need to help people who have loved ones who have gambling problems,
10146 our communications with the countries, what we see in the press and the countries' public announcements
10147 As of now, bulk of the consumption is in the domestic sector. The peak demand is less than 11,000 MW. Even before the lockdown, peak demand used to drop on Sundays. We expect drop in demand by 3,000 MW when people switch off lights for nine minutes,
10148 It's not, as some people paint it, a black-and-white issue -- how do we address this issue without harming [ developing countries' ] economic lives, without having major negative implications for the poorest segments of the people in Asia? This is the most important problem today,
10149 The trick is that Russia, Saudi Arabia and the US would have to agree to it, and how they would divide it. The US government generally doesn't control production-companies do,
10150 Observers will be quick to notice if governments' and companies' emphasis on the transition dies down when market conditions become more challenging.
10151 Playing Russian roulette in oil markets may well have grave consequences,
10152 Some analysts point to drastically reduced Chinese refinery runs, reduced Chinese imports and other one-off measures, but the problem is none of these equate to actual consumption,
10153 It is coming to a level where it will have significant implications for the stability of the global economy and millions of workers employed in the oil and gas industry.
10154 At the current price levels, which we think will be with us for at least a few years to come, LNG will penetrate the Asian markets,
10155 The coronavirus crisis reminds us of electricity's indispensable role in our lives,
10156 help restore some much-needed stability to oil markets.
10157 This political tourism of taking Ambassadors on a guided tour of J&K should be stopped. This is our demand in the context of J&K,
10158 It has been 72 hours (since the violence). The incident was not sudden, but planned. We all know who is behind it. MHRD and Home Minister are behind the violence. This is `Official Sponsored Gundaism' ,
10159 Congress leaders have to reinvent themselves. Congress party has to reinvent itself if it has to be relevant,
10160 We demand that the government allows unfettered access to J&K to all politicians and not resort to guided tours for envoys,
10161 compelling biography of one of India's most controversial and consequential public figures
10162 We understand that today industry has idle capacity. It can produce more. It is perfectly feasible to supply this increase in demand and we will use all the tools available so that speculative practices are penalized.
10163 Fiscal conservatives and deficit hawks seem to have changed their tune, all in the name of massive tax cuts that would primarily benefit the wealthy.
10164 moderate effects on the federal deficit.
10165 I think the financial markets still sort of believe it will be back to normal by the end of the year or early next year. And if they're right, that's very different than the Great Depression, which lasted 10 years.
10166 Just under two decades ago, Africa had fewer telephones than Manhattan in New York. Today, Africa has over 440 million cell phone subscribers. Returns on digital infrastructure are very high as the continent expands broadband infrastructure to boost connectivity and improve services.
10167 The synthetic securitisation of $1-billion issued by the bank has attracted global institutional investors to infrastructure in Africa. The bank is also working on improving African capital markets' access to domestic and international markets' passive investment flows,
10168 It is a great day for the continent and the women of Africa as this facility provides innovative ways to tackle the access to finance challenges for African women business owners.
10169 Ray is a talented hockey executive and I am confident he will have great success in the future,
10170 No matter what job title you have, whether that's an athlete or you know somebody working in a school right now and there's a lot of people that are going to be out of work, and in a tough spot and hopefully we can get them the help that they need.
10171 She told me this whilst I was sat in bed, coughing and panting for a full thirty seconds after every sentence because talking to her was too much for my lungs to handle.
10172 The grand coalition is finished,
10173 Their product is ultimately football matches and, at the moment, they can't produce their product.
10174 This is unprecedented and it's appalling at this time of crisis that we get people that are trying to price gouge,
10175 We have advanced investigations involving digital platforms allegedly misleading consumers about the collection and the use of their personal data, and we have important competition matters before us,
10176 not sticking to some benchmark that is no longer justified
10177 Australia's supermarkets have experienced unprecedented demand for groceries in recent weeks, both in store and online, which has led to shortages of some products and disruption to delivery services,
10178 The future state of competition without a merger is uncertain. But we know that competition is lost when incumbents acquire innovative competitors,
10179 formed any views, but we most certainly will look at it in relation to any potential breaches of Australian Consumer Law and the franchising code
10180 Combining AFG and Connective would create the largest mortgage aggregator in Australia by a significant margin, accounting for almost 40 per cent of all mortgage brokers operating in Australia,
10181 Many small and medium-size Australian businesses are experiencing unprecedented financial hardship due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but need to maintain essential insurance protections, in some cases in order to be able to continue to operate. There is a clear and urgent need for these measures,
10182 they have got contracts in place internationally and you have to be really careful if you upset those
10183 we really need companies working together during this crisis and talking about the survival of the fittest could be seen as quite unhelpful
10184 Two drivers have already died in Australia after their Takata NADI 5-AT airbags ruptured and propelled metal parts into the car interior.
10185 We determined that Asahi selling the beer and cider brands would be sufficient to address our competition concerns and provide an opportunity for another business to play an important role in a relatively concentrated industry,
10186 We should let the 95-year-old man rest, have some compassion for him, let the younger leaders take over the fight while he continues to support as an advisor,
10187 While earlier the brand architecture was confined to a world of walls characterised by production, marketing, design, and research, now it is more about the world of web characterised by producers and consumers,
10188 While new risks could emerge, none of the main sources of recent recessions-oil shocks, inflationary overheating, and financial imbalances-seem too concerning for now. As a result, the prospects for a soft landing look better than widely thought.
10189 While the exact timing is highly uncertain and relapses are plausible, the assumption of a gradual recovery reflects the potential contributions from factors such as effective mitigation and testing actions, weather effects, medical breakthroughs or adaptation by firms and consumers,
10190 We lowered our Q1 GDP tracking forecast by two tenths over the past week to 0.7% based on a downward revision to January wholesale inventories and declines in U.S. and global trade volumes,
10191 If US producers are unable to source intermediate inputs from China, they may have to cut production if no substitutes are readily available,
10192 All Americans look to 1.3 billion Indians to warmly embrace and celebrate America, as America has embraced and celebrated us here -- E Pluribus Unum (the motto of the US). Now, it's time for our Motto to also mean: two proud sovereigns, bound in history and racing towards a joint destiny,
10193 I am delighted to be joining the Partnership. The business's purpose and its two incredibly strong brands resonate strongly with me. Working with partners across the business, I look forward to developing a strategy for the Partnership that is relevant to our customers, is built on trust and delivers commercial value.
10194 to thank every partner for their dedication
10195 This will require a transformation in how we operate.
10196 I can't remember when I was last watching a show live and having so many people chatting away to be about it-I like to cast my net wide.
10197 Oh Peter for God's sake man. This is the problem-people want association with the Royals, they want to exploit them. He should be flogging milk made here,
10198 The first is that we continue to be successful in segmenting and defining new previously unexplored [ sponsorship ] categories in terms of the work we're doing,
10199 I made those statements at the time we were buying stocks and reducing our short in the credit markets. My statements were therefore totally consistent with how we were trading. We had turned bullish and we were in the process of investing about $2.5 billion in equities.
10200 Boeing is on the brink. Boeing will not survive without a government bailout.
10201 I think the one of the most important issues for farmers in 2020 is revenue risk management. I'd encourage farmers to, if they haven't already done so, prepare a budget for their 2020 crop and take a close look at pricing opportunities provided in the futures market at least one day per week. At the Purdue Center for Commercial Agriculture, we update our Crop Basis Tool on our website each week, which makes it easy to examine current basis patterns with historical basis levels. The tool can also be used to forecast basis for future delivery by looking at historical basis levels for the time of year you're thinking about moving corn or soybeans. After adjusting for basis, compare available pricing opportunities with the levels you need to achieve your budget objectives. And when you spot profitable opportunities, take advantage of them by initiating sales. If you have storage facilities available, make sure you're using those to your best advantage by capturing post-harvest basis improvements, futures market carry and simply becoming a better merchandiser of your crop production.
10202 It is possible that toys or other stimuli may reduce stress or boredom, which might improve health, welfare and productivity.
10203 It could be controversial, but not at this meeting... The market is focused on inflation and the inflation target,
10204 It [ stimulus ] can't do any harm, it can do some good, but it's not going to save you if the United States, Europe and China go pear-shaped.
10205 Never Has a Venial Sin Been Punished This Quickly and Violently!
10206 That most countries have chosen not to impose draconian blanket restrictions on Chinese travelers is likely to have been decisions made in consideration of the countries' long-term economic cooperation, and confidence in their own medical systems and epidemic control capacities. In line with recommendations by the World Health Organization, many governments have made the rational choice of not restricting travel and trade with China too much in the face of the epidemic,
10207 There are increases in the credit card delinquency rate that make you wonder whether some parts of the population are not doing so well, or whether this is just a result of more relaxed lending standards. It's something we are looking into.
10208 There is growing concern, which is based on a lack of understanding, that we are using people's information in a bad way. We are selling it. We are giving it away. We are violating it. None of that's true. We do not sell data,
10209 [ We ] are very focused on commerce ads on Facebook,... the great, great, great majority of activity is commerce ads on Facebook -- we had a very strong holiday season,
10210 In recent weeks, we have seen inspiring examples of individuals and groups helping each other. People across the globe are stepping up, rising to the enormous challenge in front of us,
10211 at a very, very aggressive clip,
10212 Men still rule the world
10213 The question is not if some of these things will happen to you. They will. Today I want to talk about what happens next. About the things you can do to overcome adversity, no matter what form it takes or when it hits you.... You will be defined not just by what you achieve, but by how you survive.
10214 There's a conversation I keep having,
10215 If you were thinking you were going to make $200,000 a year this year and $500,000 the year after that, what would you do? You'd probably go out and buy a new car, wouldn't you?
10216 In general, women are dominating service sector jobs,
10217 Nature is sending us a message,
10218 When we encroach on nature, when we destroy forest, when we degrade the environment, then we are disturbing what is supposed to be left undisturbed,
10219 If we don't take care of nature, we can't take care of ourselves. And as we hurtle towards a population of 10 billion people on this planet, we need to go into this future armed with nature as our strongest ally.
10220 Students needing passwords and that sort of thing, but we worked through those.
10221 At first, I was just doing [ free ] readings to bring customers in,
10222 the only way to respond to these needless deaths and injuries on our roads is through action, not words
10223 Of course I was aware the cameras were on me
10224 by slowing down, not driving while impaired through drink, drugs or fatigue, by not driving while using a phone, by wearing a seatbelt and always sharing the road more carefully with pedestrians and cyclists
10225 loved our children beyond words.
10226 Someone in the community must know why these boys were murdered,
10227 It's certainly not a bailout. There are strict conditions. We are increasing the funding we are already giving. It's quite the opposite to a bailout, it's a highly conditioned loan and grant.
10228 Government funding is not going to be immediately restored because the KOSI report, which is gone to the garda, did say that the association was not fit for government funding, and there were a lot of other conditions which they thought should be met, which included compliance with corporate governance,
10229 The US appears to have squandered the advantage we gain from having observed how Covid-19 played out in other countries...
10230 This is a lie. The MCC compact was not signed. However, the present government took a stance to reject the MCC, and to withdraw from signing the agreement. We respect this stance. But now the committee appointed to look into the MCC, has recommended that a public consensus be called, in this regard. There is nothing to ask from the public. The public has already rejected the MCC. Withdrawing from signing this agreement is the best thing to do at this point.
10231 Continued sanctions against Iran could have devastating consequences for other nations in the region.
10232 For now, selectively deploying micro-policies to service sectors and other vulnerable industries would be a more effective set of responses than adjusting the (policy) rate,
10233 Ultimately, (economic) flows and aspects will depend on how the COVID-19 situation develops.
10234 Meet elected representatives in your areas. Tell them to arrange a meeting with the enumerators where common citizens would be present. At the meeting, ask the enumerators to give an assurance that they would be collecting data for Census only. We should not oppose Census. But we should not allow the Centre to collect data for NPR along with the data for Census,
10235 Now they are panicking, big time.
10236 reflecting once again a favorable revenue mix shift from Network to Google Properties.
10237 Cloud is clearly an area where we're investing aggressively,
10238 Its main issue is that it started out late in getting really serious about public cloud services. Amazon had several years of runway over Google and Microsoft to put the `pedal to the metal' much sooner.
10239 In 2019, we again delivered strong revenue growth, with revenues of $162 billion, up 18% year over year and up 20% on a constant currency basis,
10240 should inspire policy makers and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to roll out national programs that aim to improve quality and reduce spending in a randomized manner so that we can understand whether they are truly effective,
10241 Sometimes, through consolidation, you get real economies of scale: better coordination, integration of care,
10242 The 94 percent figure, of course, is really, really, really far from that,
10243 the ECB must not lose sight of the exit from loose monetary policy. Our current inflation target is understandable, forward-looking and realistic,
10244 higher inflation comes with costs for people.
10245 This was a planned, state-sponsored attack on #JNU when all other attempts to break the struggle of the students had failed, and when a compromise solution was clearly in sight. The Modi-Shah government wants JNU destroyed.
10246 Employment is down, every sector is affected. Right now, you need to make the patient survive. And then you can think about making him walk.
10247 The fiscal deficit does not matter in the present circumstances.
10248 We're seeing a bit of consolidation right now which is a little bit different from what we've seen from some of the other high-fliers in the tech sector,
10249 and the fall will be crazy because we had a lot booked already. Some of the postponements will be getting into January or February 2021.
10250 designed to bring students and faculty from different schools together, foster collaboration, and encourage new ways of teaching and learning.
10251 It is concerning that China, which contributed close to 60% of the 2019 traffic increase, will no longer be able to fuel growth in this first part of 2020.
10252 The literature studying medical marijuana laws is constantly trying to understand whether these policies provide additional opportunities for pain management,
10253 And then all of a sudden we could have 10 to 20 cases in here because we didn't do something,
10254 Monetary policy decisions at midnight,
10255 Paid sick leave and paid time off was starting to come up to a national stage. I think this brings it center stage. So many millions of workers are not protected under any laws.
10256 Growing up, I had two Jewish superheroes -- there was Judah Maccabee and Jeff Goldblum, and very few people in between,
10257 They have supported the vision. It was a long ride with ups and downs, but ultimately a wonderful result.
10258 It's the growth of essentially a whole group of people who work very hard but are classified incorrectly as independent contractors. There is no safety social net for any worker in that situation.
10259 Right now we are telling manufacturers to make more, make more, but at some point they are going to catch up and have waves of toilet paper crashing into the grocery stores right when people don't need it anymore,
10260 Wow, this thing is probably 50 percent glass it seems like.
10261 We are puzzled by the city's action,
10262 It feels like they are ramping up to put an alternative board together to support the Xerox bid,
10263 Any evaluation of digital currencies should consider both policy and business objectives, as well as the unique circumstances facing different economies around the world to fully evaluate their risks and benefits,
10264 considering the difficulty of identifying the truly needy and the problems inherent in trying to do so,
10265 I would start with a $1,000 check for every American, sent out as quickly as possible,
10266 considering what, if any, are the next appropriate steps to take.
10267 Due to the shortage of affordable homes, home sales growth will only rise by around 3 percent,
10268 As trade-up buyers move into these newly completed homes in the near future, their existing homes will be released onto the market.
10269 even if it takes a little longer to contain it, there are such solid fundamentals for the real estate market, things will play out very well over the long haul.
10270 These figures show that housing was on a positive trajectory, but the coronavirus has undoubtedly slowed buyer traffic and it is difficult to predict what short-term effects the pandemic will have on future sales,
10271 We are still lacking in inventory... Inventory availability will be the key to consistent future gains. With housing starts hovering at 1.6 million in December and January, along with the favorable mortgage rates, among other factors, 2020 has so far presented a very positive sales climate. Moreover, the latest stock market correction could provide exceptional, even lower mortgage rates for a few weeks, and that would help bring about a noticeable upturn in the coming months.
10272 I am most optimistic about home price growth in those more affordable markets where there's solid job creation and has the potential for being a retirement destination,
10273 Interest rates will remain low, as long as we have government backing of mortgage-backed securities,
10274 Government recognises the economic impact that this partial lockdown has had on families in low income communities who are mostly dependent on their daily income for sustenance; and this is well described by the Akan expression Ankor a, endidi
10275 COVID-19 has also starved off Capital flight as a result of belated bearish emerging markets sentiments and given the high proportion of about 25% bonds spell by non-resident investors
10276 He would do anything but you screwed up, you also got corrected from Coach Ed. If you weren't doing your grades, if you weren't playing, if you were disrespecting your teacher, you weren't playing. If you disrespect your coach, you weren't playing.
10277 It allows foreign central banks to very quickly raise cash instead of exacerbating illiquidity in an already illiquid market,
10278 It is a major reordering of our relationship not just with the European Union but our trading relationships with the rest of the world and it is prompting a reassessment of economic policy, structural economic policy in the country,
10279 This will include building the frameworks for financial reporting, risk management and returns to bring the impacts of climate change to the mainstream of private financial decision-making.
10280 The lines of communication globally between central banks are wide open, the lines of communication between ourselves and the Treasury are operating exceptionally well,
10281 There are downside risks from global growth and the possibility uncertainties over future trading relationships could remain entrenched. With relatively limited space to cut Bank Rate, if evidence builds that the weakness in activity could persist, risk management considerations would favour a relatively prompt response.
10282 The Australian has been consistent on one front. Throughout the bushfire season it has kept up its coverage of climate denialism.
10283 In a wide-ranging interview with the Financial Times, the outgoing governor warned that central banks were running out of the ammunition needed to combat a downturn... Despite concerns about a potential downturn, Mark Carney was optimistic about the City's prospects after Brexit. He made clear there was no point in London, as a world financial centre, being a rule taker from Brussels. He urged the UK government to avoid aligning its financial regulations with those in the EU in the hope of better trade terms after Brexit. `It is not desirable at all to align our approaches, to tie our hands and to outsource regulation and effectively supervision of the world's leading complex financial system to another jurisdiction,' he said.
10284 the most recent signs are that global growth has stabilised.
10285 property and infrastructure, agricultural production, energy costs, labor productivity, and rates of mortality and crime in the US
10286 an immediate but orderly move
10287 Sadly, this is what happened here.
10288 Programming beyond February 17 will be evaluated as the situation develops,
10289 Recent research... from UCLA's Fielding School of Public Health provides evidence that income inequality is associated with inequality in health. In particular, lower income is associated with `high levels of stress, exhaustion, cardiovascular disease, lower life expectancy and obesity. '
10290 Right now the policy is for temporary postponement of all these activities because it will be drawing in learners, teachers, family members from all regions.
10291 In the schools which we believe can be reopened and classes be resumed, (it may) start on Feb. 3,
10292 Our focus starting 2020 is improving the quality of education,
10293 These attitudes influence the mindset of a child,
10294 to ensure that the impact of the marathon, as felt in Lagos State, is duplicated and sustained, we have also begun sponsoring marathons and other sporting events across different states in Nigeria as highlighted by our sponsorship of the Abeokuta marathon.
10295 We cut the stories and delivered episodes every day,
10296 No one was hurt or met their fate at the butt of a rifle,
10297 I think [ globalisation ] created an opportunity, but we have to manage the social institutions to make it possible. Compared to the United States or United Kingdom, Aussies are relatively trade friendly-provided it looks after the workers and pays good wages.
10298 Growth is the economy's default mode. Recessions are an anomaly, caused by a large, rapid, sustained shock to the system. If you don't have a why, the answer to when is never.
10299 If the layoffs become furloughs and not permanent job cuts, and people get back to work fairly quickly, this is not going to be that severe,
10300 The economy is going to bounce back,
10301 How' s the future?
10302 executive remuneration should reflect stakeholder responsibility.
10303 I'm the guy -- I'm the face,
10304 Great team of doctors no breathing problems that's a good thing all the other problems that's a bad thing will get to the other side of this I'll be in touch... soon... send prayers,
10305 most photographed man on Wall Street,
10306 When a nation goes to war, nobody asks where the money is coming from,
10307 [ This story has come ] full circle,
10308 As a result, we've decided to direct what would have been this person's salary into additional severance pay and health benefits for those laid off who need it the most.
10309 Due to both global and domestic factors, it [ is ] reasonable to expect that an extended period of low interest rates will be required in Australia to reach full employment and achieve the inflation target,
10310 The board will continue to monitor developments closely and assess the implications of the coronavirus for the economy. The Board is prepared to ease monetary policy further to support the Australian economy
10311 The RBA's decision to stay on hold today was justified by the already low interest rates and the fact that the impact of prior cuts will continue to filter through to the economy,
10312 Prior to the outbreak, there were signs that the slowdown in the global economy that started in 2018 was coming to an end,
10313 History is on their side that a (4 per cent or) 4.5 per cent rate will probably get them through, although they do need to monitor it.
10314 I think the skills of the students and recent graduates coming out into the analytics world has surprised me,
10315 It's the wrong mind-set.
10316 Otherwise the Home Office will be dysfunctional and distracted for months and its work is far too important for that.
10317 My constituents of Harlow, they want to have fairer immigration, they want 20,000 (new) police on our streets. Does this not have the nasty whiff of an establishment who are trying to stop these policies?
10318 That's the fundamental difference between `intelligence' and IAA,
10319 The most major issue to address is the weakness in credit growth. There need to be policies that can resuscitate credit growth but at the same time don't create further NPA problems,
10320 We've seen some increase of about $3 - $4 [ a barrel ] in the price of oil but nothing very large. Again it's going to depend on what shape the geopolitical conflict takes.
10321 Tentative stabilisation, sluggish recovery
10322 The accumulative loss of 2020-21 could be $9 trillion which is equal to the size of combined economies of Germany and Japan. It is the first time since the great recession that both advance and emerging economies are in a recession. If the pandemic does not recede in H2 2020 and the financial condition worsens, in this case the global economy will fall another three percent in 2020. And if crisis rolls over into 2021, it will reduce global GDP by eight percent based on baseline scenario,
10323 owed largely to downward revisions for India
10324 Along with the political independence and operational autonomy granted to the Federal Reserve comes an obligation to be wholly accountable both to Congress and to the public.
10325 Our central bank has been entrusted with considerable power to carry out its responsibilities,
10326 Blockchains in some ways are a double-edged sword. But this kind of system signals the dawn of a new economic paradigm that must be embraced and explored rather than feared and ignored.
10327 But it has all the advantages of single-payer, with much lower overhead costs,
10328 In the worst-case scenario, market may fall further 10-20 per cent due to sustained outflow of foreign institutional investors' money,
10329 The direct effects are small, but you influence others who are near you,
10330 The other day, one of the 10 workers in my construction site coughed and the rest of the workers declined to continue working. I had to convince them to return to work.
10331 Big old trees are particularly at risk of destruction as they have termite damage and hollows where embers can intrude,
10332 The GDP forecast... is our best estimate based on what we know today. Great uncertainty remains.
10333 There'll be no substantive talks until Cubs know outcome of service time grievance,
10334 People have asked me, `Are you going to leave Chicago? Are you going to try and aspire to go national? '
10335 Everybody stay in the house. This stuff is serious,
10336 wasn't really part of the synod at all.
10337 We thought, `If we've found this, other people must have seen it.' And what we found was that everyone seemed to be surprised,
10338 Burying people in mid-life is just absolutely devastating to families, to communities, to children,
10339 After previously having appointed the chairman positions, I thought it was important to have a full election now that the party has backed an open process,
10340 Hopefully this coronavirus can be an opportunity for the government to pass these regulations.
10341 All the ticket holders for respective games will get free bus service,
10342 At this stage, Iran is pretty desperate to end the sanctions and it believes by escalating terrorist attacks it can get the US to pull back. But, Trump administration is unlikely to pull back if it comes to escalating tensions,
10343 Many companies around the world, not only in India, are not going to be harmed that much by what is happening now.
10344 If China gets hit, then the rest of the emerging market countries get hit as well, because the ETFs are in emerging markets generally, and the heavy weighting in China effects the index,
10345 He can now in his head think, `OK, we've got 350 billion [ dollars ] at the [ Small Business Administration ], and we've got 500 over at Treasury. They're gon na have this list of problems.' And he knows that.
10346 It's not particularly fast. It'll take six weeks at a minimum to get this set up and executed. It's not particularly efficient -- people don't update their records, and there are a lot of checks that will not find their intended recipients.
10347 I am sure that her new project will be equally courageous and innovative,
10348 Water is essential for citizens' daily life, for manufacturing, for tourism, for businesses and, of course, for agriculture. We experienced many water cuts last year and, of course, in pockets of Malaysia, particularly for rural and indigenous communities, many still do not have consistent access to clean water,
10349 We are doing a great deal in these agreements to protect the people of Puerto Rico,
10350 We may not be so lucky this time.
10351 Italy was already on the verge of a recession, as was Germany. But German politicians aren't even thinking about stimulus, despite the country being so exposed to China. The political response is a joke -- politicians are often behind the curve. This crisis will spill over and result in a disaster.
10352 Arth or wealth is among these noble pursuits. The colour lavender also suggested measures like increasing government spending and tax cuts.
10353 The Fed's decision to use its conventional policy tools to the fullest extent signals how seriously it views the damage that the coronavirus outbreak has inflicted on the U.S. economy and financial markets,
10354 exceptionally well positioned to survive from this crisis and thrive in and around the aftermath,
10355 left me with an indelible sense of fascination with a way of construing human life that was -- and is -- fundamentally different from my own.
10356 Feeling like you're flush for a moment, that's very powerful at a time when a lot of people don't have a lot of slack in their budgets,
10357 only modestly effective in countering the impacts of widespread social changes, including new work opportunities for women and stronger incentives to invest in education.
10358 The last time we saw business investment decline for three quarters or more was heading into the 2008-2009 recession,
10359 This can't be the only environmental case that cannot be certified,
10360 It doesn't require a tradeoff between business goals and societal goals,
10361 Setting up this ecosystem is better than a company trying to set up a point solution and directly train and hire people,
10362 permanent feature of our economies,
10363 phenomenal mix of fiscal and monetary policy
10364 put a stake in the ground and say, `This is not for monetary policy to address in any way,' that's just going to make the situation worse in the markets. '
10365 How far down the credit scale do you want to go?
10366 The health and wellness of our band, crew, tribe members and community is of the utmost importance to us,
10367 I think most businesses and certainly the behemoths in the U.S. and elsewhere will not fail to go back to normal business practices,
10368 I worry that the jobs that older workers who lost their jobs can do aren't safe for them to do right now.
10369 Many things have changed at Brown as a result and it's due to the work of a large number of people working in a very collaborative way.
10370 The government has failed to reform auditors, failed to give regulators powers and make them use them, and failed to end its obsession with outsourcing public services,
10371 a barrage of abusive and false tweets
10372 We will hear from sub-postmasters about the impact of Horizon on their lives and take the opportunity to hold executives from Post Office Ltd and Fujitsu to account for their handling of the problems around the Horizon IT and accounting system.
10373 The migrant workers, who have now gone back to the villages, may not return soon, because not much employment opportunities may be available for them in the urban areas immediately after the lockdown is lifted,
10374 To break this vicious cycle and ensure that MGNREGS wages do not fall far below market rates, funding has to be raised significantly,
10375 Though the overall approach in the Budget coincides with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's appeal for the use of indigenous products, tax concessions to foreign portfolio investors and FDI in education should have been avoided as they are retrograde steps.
10376 He always attached importance to building strong institutions and efficient management to make sure that the development made is sustainable... he made changes as per the needs of the day,
10377 I am pleased to report a healthy profit in the third fiscal quarter driven by our ongoing efforts since the end of 2018 to increase transparency, accountability and profitability across our mining operations,
10378 it will take a long time for the money to flow, and a lot of businesses will liquidate.
10379 Shaquille is larger than life pop culture personality, and kids of all ages adore him -- when he says, `get outside and play,' they listen,
10380 We need to do more biological and genomic studies to see if the differences are due to access to healthcare or if it is a biological difference,
10381 what I believe is a new world record for presidential market destruction,
10382 If the challengers were stronger, the course Modi and the party have taken... they would not be taking.
10383 It's simplicity and consistency forever,
10384 In an emergency, when interest rates fall to zero, you can buy a much wider range of assets.
10385 one indication of their diligence is that, when they were paid on a piece-work basis in agriculture, they earned up to twice as much as other laborers.
10386 The more serious this is, the more blunderbuss you have to be in the approach,
10387 We ran during the Second World War budget deficits in excess of 20% of GDP five years on the trot and that was the right thing to do.
10388 When the market crashes, I want to make a whole lot and when the market doesn't crash, I want to lose a teeny, teeny amount,
10389 At the time, we didn't really know each other that well. He didn't have to do that stuff. He took it upon himself.
10390 captures only marginally the largest single lifetime expenditure of households
10391 Contrary to concerns that marked the debate before the national minimum wage was introduced, we did not find that it led to a reduction in employment,
10392 I think somebody ate a bat and the bat was sick and it got the person sick and there was a tarantula who bit the person and the tarantula was even sicker than the bat...,
10393 It is too early to know with certainty whether these funds will be insufficient to cover the costs associated with Maryland's appropriate and timely response to COVID-19's spread in our State,
10394 This legislation starts to make sure that these corporations pay their fair share in contributing to building our state's core educational institutions.
10395 The surprise in the RBA package was that it leapt past the Fed and other central banks to take a leaf out of the Bank of Japan's book,
10396 For someone like me, if you bought your house 30 or 40 years ago, California is a nice place to live,
10397 But it could just be something coincidental, so we shouldn't jump to conclusions,
10398 China is playing a dominant role among global markets in the 21st century, and it is also embracing unprecedented opportunities for global development. The successful practice of the positioning theory in Chinese enterprises indicates that it will unleash huge potential in the global markets. We believe that under the leadership of Zhang, Ries Strategy Positioning Consulting will help create more successful global brands,
10399 Global travel is effectively shutting down,
10400 I do think recession risks, generally, are high and will remain high because of where we are in the business cycle,
10401 There are a lot of homeowners who are unemployed, have lost hours, are having their wages cut, and need lots of help.
10402 The American consumer is the firewall between an economy that's growing and one that's not,
10403 I think she would be ecstatic today if she knew her name sake is on a product that is helping people right now,
10404 It's fundamentally changing how we drive, how we work, how we learn, how we shop, how we travel.
10405 the same goes a little bit for inflation.
10406 there are still uncertainties as to how quickly the coronavirus situation will be brought under control and when production and goods transportation services will be ramped up to normal levels.
10407 We are beginning evacuation of our citizens from Wuhan and Hubei. Before the end of the day we will clarify how many of our citizens are there. Preliminary data suggests that 300 people are staying in Wuhan and 341 are in the Hubei Province,
10408 Disinfection measures, control of personnel and the use of individual sanitation protection kits have been tightened. A special quarantine checkpoint is open. Rospotrebnadzor keeps all flights under control. I would like to point out that most passengers arriving at this terminal are transit travelers, who are to leave Russia,
10409 Judging by the situation in other states, starting this moment, that is, after nearly a month, countries start to document an increase of the infection or a so-called plateau. We consider this week and the beginning of next week in Moscow and the Moscow Region as the period when the number of infections will increase. We would like to hope that this increase will be followed by a plateau,
10410 Hundreds of millions of shekels are being spent in order to protect the areas near the Gaza Strip, and they cut almost NIS 2 million from the budget allocated for the area's farmers.
10411 I' 'm sorry, but at the end of next week, we are terminating your job.
10412 If you're going to buy a house, you don't borrow at the Fed's rate. You borrow at a 30-year mortgage rate. If that rate goes down, that might influence you to buy a house. Or if the corporate borrowing rate goes down, that might influence firms to expand their operations.
10413 It's double or quits for the ECB,
10414 Dick is really interested in youth and children, he's very kind, he's such a good dad,
10415 has become more elastic thanks to US fracking,
10416 rapid and large fiscal stimulus,
10417 We are a bit battle-hardened here more than others, but that is not going to save the battle-weary if this lasts,
10418 That message hasn't changed from 100 years ago, so let's not deviate the discussion to how do we shut down the energy business. It's a completely different debate.
10419 a pitch for lifetime allowances
10420 And one of them made me promise to cheer for the Niners,
10421 The reorganization of our hospital landscape, is not, on average, helping consumers.
10422 You need to have a standard unit of money in the globe to have to have global trade. Once you get rid of that, as now we have no global standard of money in the world, you will open yourself to fraud and gaming the system and hopeless collapse,
10423 In each of those cases we are seeing divergence, not convergence
10424 This is an economic war which the Kremlin considered to be a `walk in the park' but which could end up being a catastrophic defeat,
10425 was a major disseminator -- if not the principal transmission vehicle -- of coronavirus infection
10426 We need just a little more effort, but we'll get there,
10427 Answers to questions such as, `When should we relax social-distancing measures -- and for whom?' or, `How many ventilators are needed in hospitals?' are vital to our economic recovery and public health outcomes,
10428 It's certainly a relief that we had a strong tailwind,
10429 That doesn't mean that every gun policy that's proposed should be enacted, but maybe this one should because the evidence is so clear.
10430 There's a political dimension to the job.
10431 Tilney All Saints has one of the oldest associations with it in the world, with records going back to 1453. It's important to have it back but we won't be collecting money for the church, or ploughing up any gardens.
10432 if people acted at the level of rationality presumed in the standard economics textbooks I was brought up with, the world's standard of living would be measurably higher; but, in fact, they do not.
10433 set the Israelites apart from any of the kingdoms around.
10434 The [ paid sick leave provision ] excludes workers at big companies like Whole Foods and McDonald's as well as those at Walmart and Target, whose CEOs appeared with President Trump on Friday afternoon as he declared a national health emergency,
10435 Traditionally education has been very much a state and local matter, so the Trump administration wouldn't be unreasonable to say they defer to the states and cities,
10436 In our study, virtually all of the association of air pollution with dementia seemed to be through the presence or the development of CVD.
10437 Our relationship with American Family Insurance is a real model for successful university-industry collaboration. Every time there's been an opportunity to work together, American Family has been ready to jump in, from offering new career experiences for students and working with us on programs like SuccessWorks and UniverCity, to launching the Data Science Institute,
10438 as we continue to work on making UW-Madison more welcoming and inclusive, it is important to acknowledge where we've been and to recognize those alumni whose efforts and activism brought real change to out campus.
10439 The ECB is ready to do everything in its mandate to counter market turmoil that disrupts monetary policy transmission, otherwise monetary policy cannot function,
10440 The historical standard deviation of the weekly change is 17,876. If claims jump to 2 million, that is 96 standard deviations and beyond anything we have seen in history.
10441 There is every reason to believe that things will get much worse.
10442 These cells are not happy, but may have the capacity to survive a viral infection.
10443 dollar strength and a run on cash
10444 However good, it is just too much to ask any management to efficiently oversee floods, and to try at the same time to combine this with other very different functions,
10445 I kindly warn of the expectation gap,
10446 Of course, it can be done, it is doable,
10447 the psychological shock ripples all around the world
10448 We'll see if proning helps, and if so, how long should they be in the prone position,
10449 can gain by self-preferencing but of course they can lose by that as well.
10450 The amendments will be aimed at strengthening [ the ] PCC's mandate and operations, keeping in mind that actions in its early years spell the basis for future enforcement actions,
10451 It has long been known that teaching is a stressful and challenging career and we wanted to see if the mental health and wellbeing of teachers had improved or declined, especially in light of government promises to ease the burden upon the teaching profession,
10452 Our work with NASA is opening the eyes of regulators to the safety and utility of unmanned aircraft systems in the performance of certain tasks for public and commercial good,
10453 This is more like a hurricane -- you're handing out food and medicine,
10454 two-day, hands-on workshop designed for people who are brand new to R and RStudio.
10455 also makes it possible for the Secretary of Labor to exempt certain health care providers and emergency responders from its paid leave provisions, and to exempt businesses with less than 50 people.
10456 the cherry-from-hell on top.
10457 I thought, well, this is a place and a time that I can apply my skills right here.
10458 Most countries do agree about the financing mechanism,
10459 Tackling poverty requires understanding where the greatest number of poor live, while at the same time also concentrating on where hardship is most pervasive.
10460 we bring to this great demonstration, in which thousands of us proudly participate, a two-fold experience -- one of the spirit and one of our history. The most urgent, the most disgraceful, the most shameful and the most tragic problem is silence.
10461 We keep chipping away at the taxes,
10462 We support the current lockdown. It is due to last until Easter Monday. The question then is what happens?
10463 We've just got to stay the course. I told them the other night, in my own business, around 2000, we could've busted as a business. We stayed the course. They have something very good going on.
10464 But it is central to the operation of the U.S. federal government, and to a lesser degree state and local governments. Societies always have to make these trade offs.
10465 we assume 90 percent of them die.
10466 It was both wonderful and terrifying, and it was hard not to be obsessed by it,
10467 We're not measuring how smart people are. We are not measuring how much people understand math. We want to understand basic concepts that allow us to make good decisions,
10468 Blue-collar manufacturing workers -- at least as I see it -- don't appear to make up a huge percentage of Sanders backers,
10469 Clearly, we cannot randomly assign individuals to locations with different temperatures to identify a clear causal impact of temperature on self-reported mental health,
10470 If all this business service-related activity is shut off, then I think that will be yet another significant or noticeable reduction to economic activity in both places,
10471 It's been 50 years and 7 recessions with a perfect record. It's impossible to be 100% sure about the future but I'd say the chances of a recession in the second half next year are pretty high.
10472 Large swings in asset prices can quickly put markets and institutions under pressure,
10473 One of the lessons is that there probably needs to be more attention paid to either redundancies or alternative suppliers should a particular supplier not be available,
10474 built the number one music company in the world with an unprecedented streak of artist development
10475 He'll invariably get the result he wants,
10476 That's, of course, a risk to them and to everyone else because it may increase contagion.
10477 Air France and British Airways enjoyed a duopoly on the highly profitable London-Paris route and charged the highest fares on record at the time.
10478 aspirations far in excess of cash resources
10479 By keeping posted rates too high, the Big-Six banks have inflated the qualifying rate, making it more difficult than necessary to pass the stress test to get a mortgage.
10480 I'm really a data wonk -- I'll look at anything that moves,
10481 It would have been pretty awkward for him to stand next to him if Joyce was elected as his deputy,
10482 We had all of that information and background data and government funding to go into human testing for influenza and bam, coronavirus emerges out of Wuhan,
10483 We're moving massive amounts of carbon through this province, all largely invisible to people. These are pipelines to the sky. It's like taking carbon and sticking it in the air. Sooner or later, somewhere along the way, it gets burned; it goes up there.
10484 We've been talking about rising interest rates for a while, and that Canadians need to get ready. At some point you hit a wall.
10485 A lot of the trajectory will depend on how we deal with the public health issue.
10486 Adding to evidence dating back as early as the 1950s, our findings strongly suggest that psilocybin therapy is a promising means of improving the emotional, psychological, and spiritual well-being of patients with life-threatening cancer,
10487 Governments need to act immediately to contain the epidemic, support the health care system, protect people, shore up demand and provide a financial lifeline to households and businesses that are most affected.
10488 In the downside scenario-where we look at the impact on Europe-it's a shock of the order of 1.2 percentage points of GDP. That will be something that will impact Ireland
10489 I have to pay for my own uni, and I just can't sit around and wait, getting three-hour shifts per day.
10490 It's fair to say we're now into the double digits,
10491 If we have 3.5%, we have rip-roaring growth. North of 4%, the market will fade.
10492 Money is going to start flowing into the U.S. bond markets even more than it already has,
10493 COVID-19 will need to break through the job market firewall if it is to do significant damage to the economy. The firewall has some cracks, but judging by the February employment gain it should be strong enough to weather most scenarios.
10494 The global economy was much more vulnerable to something going off the rails like this virus,
10495 Most of the beneficiaries of the economy have been the folks at the top of the income and wealth distribution. Only half of Americans own any stock at all,
10496 Our plan is to ensure that essential public investments are not mightily compromised, while at the same time enabling significant increase in spending on health. Beyond that, the government is committed to using this unprecedented challenge to our economy and society as rather an opportunity to fast-track even more our agenda to industrialise and become self-reliant,
10497 This means that there is a likelihood that these assessments could change rapidly.
10498 This should not happen. So we should find a way to increase SDRs or for the Europeans to offer their SDRs as a way out,
10499 Our plan is to ensure that essential public investments are not mightily compromised; whiles, at the same time, enabling significant increase in spending on health. Beyond that, Government is committed to using this unprecedented challenge to our economy and society as rather an opportunity to fast-track even more our agenda to industrialize and become self-reliant.
10500 The ideal thing would be to target the payments [ at ] the people who are most vulnerable, the people who lose their jobs who are working in industries that are severely affected by the coronavirus,
10501 want to marry their boyfriends
10502 We don't spend that much time worrying about our public image,
10503 The issue is not what people think of me or Mark personally. The issue is how are we doing as a company? How do we provide a great service, and how do we prevent some of the harm?
10504 We are working to quickly understand the implications of this decision on our website design and its overall impact on the Australian travel industry and the way websites are to be designed in Australia,
10505 I know people always worry about Australia's stocks of fuel from a security point of view, which is not an ACCC issue,
10506 Many consumers may have been tricked by these price displays into thinking they were getting great discounts,
10507 Trivago's hotel room rate rankings were based primarily on which online hotel booking sites were willing to pay Trivago the most,
10508 Our decision will help companies urgently address potential shortages or other constraints on the supply of crucial medical equipment,
10509 This... data clearly shows that too many consumers with FTTN connections are not receiving the speeds they are paying for,
10510 We will focus on our activity on websites that have a lot of use, that consumers rely on. And we will take action when we think they are misleading.
10511 So the ramifications would be quite serious, but I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, we're at an early stage of an investigation,
10512 The conditions provide transparency over what is proposed and if major concerns are identified, the ACCC is able to revoke the interim authorisation, or require amendments.
10513 We also note that the content offered by the four key magazine titles, including celebrity news, `real-life' stories, puzzles, and food, health and lifestyle tips, is all available from other sources. Ultimately, we determined that although there is a notable level of competition between the particular print titles, the transaction was not likely to substantially lessen competition because publishers in other media, particularly online publishers, will increasingly compete with Bauer,
10514 Misleading claims about health or nutritional benefits harm consumers as they often pay a higher price for products without receiving the benefits claimed,
10515 while the profit motive underpinning market behaviour is a key driver of economic wealth, the pursuit of profit does not always promote the interests of Australian consumers.
10516 The future state of competition without a merger is uncertain. But we know that competition is lost when incumbents acquire innovative companies.
10517 working on a wire transfer to return the money
10518 Yes, a name change will expunge its venal past.
10519 bottoming out in trade and industrial output.
10520 Economy has declined in one or two quarters but it will soon be improved. The share market is in good condition. The economy will also be in good condition,
10521 the best medicine to ensure that the economic pain inflicted by the virus is relatively short-lived.
10522 But we are looking at more dire scenarios, where the spread of the virus continues for longer and more globally, and the growth consequences are more protracted,
10523 We have seen an extraordinary spike in requests for the IMF emergency financing, some 80 countries have placed requests and more are likely to come. Normally, we never have more than a handful of requests at the same time.
10524 how strong and coordinated our monetary and fiscal policy actions are.
10525 On one side it presents a clear danger to our economies and to livelihoods of people. And also because it presents a tremendous opportunity for investments in low carbon climate resilient development,
10526 We have witnessed he world economy coming to a standstill. We are now in a recession. It is way worse than the global financial crisis,
10527 In terms of our projections, we unfortunately over the last week have seen a shift to a more adverse scenario for the global economy,
10528 But we expect recovery in 2021. To get there, it is paramount to prioritise containment and strengthen health systems-everywhere. The economic impact is and will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be.
10529 All sectors are being impacted with extreme severity as measures are being taken to stop the spread of the virus. `The IMF support helps provide a backstop, increase buffers, and shore up confidence for the Kyrgyz economy,
10530 We already see tentative signs of stabilization, with recent data suggesting that trade and industrial output are bottoming out,
10531 We are in a better place in comparison to October, but the growth remains sluggish and we see risks still tilted to the downside. Why we believe we are in a better place? We saw reduction of trade tensions prior to Davos and in Davos and trade tensions were weighting quite severely on growth prospects,
10532 Current scenario sees 2020 growth for China at 5.6% in 2020, down 0.4 percentage points from January outlook.
10533 way worse than the global financial crisis of 2008.
10534 We are all adjusting to live with the new normal of higher uncertainty,
10535 We have had very constructive interactions so far with the new leadership in Argentina,
10536 We are asking for one thing only: Please pay your doctors and nurses, make sure that your health systems are functioning, and that vulnerable people and first responders are protected.
10537 Unfortunately over the last week, we've seen a shift to a more adverse scenario for the global economy,
10538 determined to use as much as necessary in protecting the economy.
10539 Emerging market and developing economies are particularly vulnerable during this #COVID 19 pandemic. Their health systems are already fragile and now they have been hit terribly hard economically. IMF is giving those countries high priority,
10540 every Snap user will also be a Triller user,
10541 Globalization in production is going to be hit quite badly.
10542 Unlike the United States or Europe, which can spend 10% more of GDP without fear of a ratings downgrade, we already entered this crisis with a huge fiscal deficit, and will have to spend yet more,
10543 Hence, we have sponsored the Access Bank Lagos City Marathon for five years to make Lagos State more attractive to tourists and foreign investors alike. We have also used this platform as an avenue to create more jobs and opportunities to thousands in the state,
10544 Right now, we're just evaluating the number of cases, like everyone else is, and trying to figure out how much impact it will have on the U.S. economy,
10545 so a natural question is whether policymakers should add even further accommodation to spur a faster return of inflation to our goal.
10546 nothing to write home about -- higher or lower,
10547 If market illiquidity continues, I will support our taking further actions to address funding needs,
10548 have reoriented their supply chains away from US firms, which means these exports may be permanently lost.
10549 Shaquille is a larger than life pop culture personality, and kids of all ages adore him -- when he says, `get outside and play,' they listen,
10550 The projected recovery for global growth remains uncertain. It continues to rely on recoveries in stressed and underperforming emerging market economies, as growth in advanced economies stabilises at close to current levels,
10551 If you don't do what you are doing now, you can actually end up in a worse situation because economic activity will collapse so severely that your debt-to-GDP will be even worse. So things could be worse if you didn't do what is needed right now. I think that is something everybody recognises at this point,
10552 the magnitude and speed of collapse in activity... is unlike anything experienced in our lifetimes. This makes the Great Lockdown the worst recession since the Great Depression, and far worse than the global financial crisis.
10553 I have nothing really significant to say. It is something we will follow and we will see what this does in our next assessment in April
10554 It is very important that this does not become a feature where we reverse all the gains we have got from globalization,
10555 Once the recovery has happened and we are past the pandemic phase, for advanced economies it would be essential to undertake a broad-based stimulus,
10556 if inflation stays well below target, interest rates should also stay low for that period of time.
10557 if epidemic and containment measures continued for a longer period of time, emerging and developing economies are going to be more severely affected, or difficult financial conditions will persist.
10558 The Swiss went ballistic. And they called in the German ambassador and really gave him a telling off. The last I heard they were still in Germany.
10559 Now no one thinks about doing things together anymore.
10560 Thus, we expect the waiver to be only temporary, with the deficit cap back in place after risks from the COVID-19 outbreak subside.
10561 are going to be hit very hard
10562 underpants were not down, just his trousers
10563 It's not just a fabrication -- it's ludicrous.
10564 full on pounced on her
10565 It was totally and absolutely harmless.
10566 used to routinely exclude journalists from his briefings
10567 Those facts will see the light
10568 He wanted me to have a drink with him and wanted to talk. I think I thought for a moment that he was sorry and that he realised he had gone too far,
10569 It shouldn't have happened but both of us agreed it would be put behind us.
10570 At some point that information, facts and that evidence will see the light of day.
10571 Well what does nominal GDP targeting look like in a quantitative sense?
10572 There's some of that going on, but I think that there is also a general slowing of demand for these kinds of vehicles in the economy,
10573 What's hard is to recognize the invisible commitments one should make to thinking, reflecting, creating, investing in learning and growth towards something more important, rather than lots of little things,
10574 From these figures, we cannot generalise the trend as every area has its own set of problems. But the death of leopards in road and rail mishaps is a worrisome trend. Increased traffic volume and speed of vehicles due to road widening are causing many accidents,
10575 I think the only way is to use existing institutions with existing instruments.
10576 I would like to stress that the government will endeavor to help small and medium enterprises,
10577 I'm absolutely thrilled to have Eric Cantona, the last rock `n' roll footballer, star in my video for `Once' ,
10578 Cmon, Noel, we can then go back to our amazing solo careers.
10579 It'll be 50/50, and I'll be choosing who's in the band as well, because if he thinks I'm joining the High Flying Birds but calling it Oasis, he's got another thing coming.
10580 Sorry to everybody who came to the gig tnight in Hamburg my voice was not there and if I'd have carried on I'd have done more damage to it I love you all and hope you understand I'll make it up to you LG x (sic)
10581 This is the original demo. It's my favourite version; it's silky smooth and it' s fizzy bubblech. Turn off your mind, relax and float downstream!,
10582 The geezer's ego's out of control.
10583 I'm proud of the way people are coming together.
10584 Well, we have to look at everything because we're not winning, so you're not winning, to me, you have to assess everything. I think anybody would want to do that,
10585 In the next two to three weeks, if we act decisively, we may be able to flatten the curve and then when the storm comes it will not be as brutal as we see in Europe.
10586 If we need an example of what the lack of multilateralism looks like, we're seeing it today. If one of us has the virus, all of us have it.
10587 This is going to deal a very severe blow to growth,
10588 Since I took office here, I would say he is one of my most valuable `sparing partners' regarding former colleagues,
10589 That's one of the issues coming up with climate change: We're observing more extreme events,
10590 three to four times larger than the $40-billion fatal blow from SARS.
10591 The global community should have invested a great deal more on prevention in poor countries,
10592 not going to help much
10593 The fact that China is five times more important than it was back then means just mathematically, you'd expect the impact would be much bigger today than it was then,
10594 UK business investment has been very weak since decision to call Brexit referendum.
10595 There is no reason for this shock to turn into the experience of 2008, if we handled it well,
10596 the foreword to a BoE working paper,
10597 Bank of England is not to blame for fall in UK growth potential.
10598 The (UK) economy has been sluggish, slack has been growing and inflation is below target,
10599 about funding only deep green activities or blacklisting dark brown ones
10600 All this uncertainty has contributed to a form of economic post-traumatic stress disorder amongst households and businesses, as well as in financial markets.
10601 This is an environment in which, yes, the right infrastructure, the right corporate investment projects, make sense and will be necessary in order to ultimately get us out of this situation,
10602 We started experiencing symptoms on Sunday -- first coughs then fevers, chills, and muscle aches -- and contacted our doctors on Monday,
10603 how to get out of the way of the people who need to do the real work,
10604 Students who need to remain on campus will also receive instruction remotely and must prepare for severely limited on-campus activities and interactions. All graduate students will transition to remote work wherever possible.
10605 But of course we will prioritize the health and well-being of our community in making that decision.
10606 Harvard just gave students 5 days to pack all of their things, move out, and go home. many can't go home because of costs and travel restrictions, and they've provided no guidance. and we're expected to go to class for the rest of this week,
10607 What we will do at the defence ministerial meeting is that I expect ministers to re-commit to the training mission in Iraq and also to agree to step up and be ready to provide more support to Iraq,
10608 Public transport remains one of our biggest risk areas in the spread of the virus. We must, therefore, do everything in our power to protect both the citizens who rely on public transport and those who operate the system from exposure and possible infection,
10609 Our aim is to increase the capacity of the Iraqi armed forces so that they no longer require our support,
10610 obvious opportunities but also some obvious challenges.
10611 At the meeting today, allies called for restraint and de-escalation. A new conflict would be in no-one's interest. So Iran must refrain from further violence and provocations,
10612 There is now a process inside NATO, but also with our partners and not least with partners in the region -- with Iraq, Jordan and other partners in the region -- about if NATO is going to do more, what more we could we do,
10613 on all parties to exercise utmost restraint and responsibility.
10614 why is our experience rendered as behavioural data in the first place?
10615 [ President George W ] Bush did direct cash handouts,
10616 And then you have the whole area of contractors and gig workers who don't even have sick days.
10617 We have to make sure that they aren't penalised for taking extra days when, in some cases, they are not necessarily sick,
10618 I am quite happy that everyone is cooperating at his own level and capacity,
10619 I arrived in Merimbula on Friday with Rev. Karyl Davison. We had some supplies from John Williams in Canberra for Bega and Eden, in particular, a generator for the community's use,
10620 In this regard, Government is taking measures to stabilise the exchange rate and bring down inflation to sustainable levels in order to achieve macro-economic stability,
10621 We will make sure that the US dollar is pulled back as a currency that people prefer to use. They shouldn't do that, they are violating the law and we want to enforce the use of the Zimbabwe dollar,
10622 to stabilise the exchange rate hence to lower inflation,
10623 This [ taskforce ] will be spearheaded by the finance ministry and the RBZ, and will include members of the monetary policy committee and the presidential advisory council,
10624 One of my core beliefs is that a liberalised aviation sector can be a great catalyst for global economic and human development. At Qatar Airways, we believe in connecting people with no borders, only horizons.
10625 We are grateful to our partners in both countries for their enthusiastic cooperation in putting together the truly exceptional programme that we now announce for Qatar-France 2020. We look forward to showing the best of Qatar in France, the best of France in Qatar, and inviting the people of both nations to share their thoughts and experiences and deepen their mutual connections,
10626 The economy is almost in free fall,
10627 We need to diversify our faculty so we can better represent the student population that we proudly serve,
10628 I am grateful to all of the applicants and to the review committee for a very successful selection process, and I am eager to welcome the fellows to this next chapter in their career development this fall.
10629 You'll probably get 0.1 per cent (on savings) in a bank account but credit card rates are up to 24 per cent,
10630 But some people don't care about the tax deduction and they don't claim it.
10631 Deepening trade agreements to cover investments and services for the purpose of boosting competition is also key,
10632 If you're focused on reward programs and you're carrying balances on your credit cards,
10633 It's going to be difficult for those households to put that back.
10634 Something tells me when I read that document that the 1619 Project authors don't. They don't believe in America... and I'm sorry to have to report, I get the impression they don't believe in black people.
10635 The Europeans can't do it themselves. They're hopelessly divided and financially much weaker than they were ten years ago. Their instinct will be to punt,
10636 There's no way to corroborate that,
10637 What is important is the trend line, which is clearly on an upward path. Higher housing permit issuances are also a positive indicator for even greater production in the months ahead.
10638 The U.S. is in need of more new housing,
10639 America is currently short by around 5 to 6 million housing units and much more construction is needed,
10640 Still, national median home price growth is in no danger of falling due to inventory shortages and will rise by 4%.
10641 Understanding the buying process, financing process, and responsibilities of ownership are critical,
10642 Today's interest rate cut is an appropriate response to changing events.
10643 With mortgage rates low, the timing is indeed ideal for those who want to enter into homeownership and for those looking to move on to their next home.
10644 a gap opened up between the spending and confidence numbers, and that gap has persisted.
10645 Your chance of going to work tomorrow and getting laid off is lower than it's ever been going back to 1948,
10646 Both the direct effects of the tariffs -- a tax on consumers and businesses -- and the accompanying uncertainty will continue to constrain economic growth indefinitely,
10647 The upturn in wage growth has taken much longer to emerge than in previous cycles in part because productivity growth has been much slower this time around, averaging 1.2% since the end of the recession, compared to 2.6% across the previous cycle as a whole,
10648 In one line: Ouch. The manufacturing recession continues,
10649 There is zero evidence of any positive impact on capital expenditure.
10650 We have been urging this action for some time and we're very happy that the Fed did not wait until Wednesday's meeting,
10651 We hope for the latter, but given that the very modest first-stage House bill has not yet passed the Senate, it's hard to be wildly optimistic just yet.
10652 another planet, and it does not mean that the Fed was wrong to cut rates this week.
10653 I think a lot of people on Wall Street didn't take the virus seriously enough until it was their towns where cases were being discovered and their kids who were being sent home from school.
10654 The spike in infections in South Korea, mostly concentrated in the congregation of a single church, a surge in cases in Italy, and news of an outbreak in Iran, where the health-care system is of uncertain quality and the government is secretive, has triggered fears that China's aggressive quarantining efforts won't keep the virus from spreading globally,
10655 As everything around us is being put on hold to focus all the efforts of our communities on the fight against the coronavirus, a contribution is also required from banks and their shareholders,
10656 Government measures are akin to chasing an elephant with a pop gun.
10657 nobody should lose their job or their income because of the virus
10658 Our team is working hard to ensure that the hall reopens as soon as possible -- and I'm sure when it does, residents and visitors will be delighted with the results of the redevelopment.
10659 So we can come in and be part of the last 10 years of building a complete community.
10660 The African Development Bank is taking bold measures to support African countries. This $3bn COVID-19 bond issuance is the first part of our comprehensive response that will soon be announced. This is indeed the largest social bond transaction to date in capital markets. We are here for Africa, and we will provide significant rapid support for countries.
10661 The successful replenishment of the Bank's African Development Fund 15 -- to which Canada contributed substantially with $355 million -- will allow the Bank to deploy an additional $1.2 billion to address fragility, strengthen resilience and sustain peace and economic security,
10662 The devastating cyclones in Mozambique, Malawi and Zimbabwe led to massive destruction of critical infrastructure. The same applies to coastal states, which are more vulnerable to coastal erosion and floods. Infrastructure investment must now be climate-resilient.
10663 We've seen lower prices in the resale market as well as increased sales activity, so the sales-to-new listings ratio is now trending towards balanced territory,
10664 If we do go on permanent DST I will be interested to see how it works out, but my guess is that people would say in a few years it isn't a good idea.
10665 If the City of Chico starts its own municipal utility and is at high risk of wildfires, it would have a hard time finding lenders to buy their bonds. The state of California is big enough that even if there was another major, catastrophic wildfire, the state could absorb 20 or 30 billion dollars in liability without the risk of failure to pay the bondholders. The downside to that is that the state is on the hook.
10666 It is likely that these electricity data -- which can be produced with a lag of about a day and are available for different regions of the country -- will also provide the first clear signal of when the current free fall will end,
10667 prophetic rebukes of power and exaltation of the humble,
10668 There are a couple of times I have said things or taken positions that were more expedient than they were based upon conviction. I remember those things precisely, and I regret them enormously,
10669 the EU has sent a strong signal to the Western Balkans that a bright future is on the horizon
10670 This threatened to unleash a perilous macro-financial feedback loop that, if left unaddressed, would have put at risk the ECB's price stability mandate and endangered financial stability more broadly.
10671 We are beginning to see a similar pattern emerge as gold prices stabilized over the past week and rallied today as the Fed introduced new liquidity injection facilities with this morning's announcement,
10672 We have long argued that gold is the currency of last resort, acting as a hedge against currency debasement when policymakers act to accommodate shocks such as the one being experienced now,
10673 Well, you're not going to guarantee absolutely anything at this stage but if you have the four main parties, the stakeholders here, I'm determined that shouldn't happen and I'm fairly confident the goodwill is there to ensure it doesn't.
10674 I think the bookies have me getting in just marginally. I don't know, it's very difficult to tell.
10675 A lot of Chinese goods come out to the rest of the world in the belly of aircraft that are carrying passengers,
10676 The goal is to provide fast, effective action that responds to country needs,
10677 inaccurate and not fact-based. It impugns the integrity of the African Development Bank, undermines our governance systems, and incorrectly insinuates that we operate under different standards from the World Bank.
10678 My thought is that we all wish them a speedy way to address the coronavirus in China,
10679 Furthermore, this is just the tip of the iceberg.
10680 The increase in strike numbers shows that workers understand that joining together in collective action remains an effective way to raise wages and benefits, and improve working conditions.
10681 bigger than anything we saw during the Great Recession,
10682 I think they're all trying, but they don't sit on our side of the fence. They don't know what it's like,
10683 infrastructure, in human capital, in energy production and distribution, in new data technologies, and in measures to deal with climate change and its effects
10684 The potential risk to the Australian economy I think is bigger than SARS and the truth is really none of us know how this is going to play out,
10685 Today, China is a larger part of the global economy and it is more closely integrated, including with Australia, so the international spillovers could be larger than they were back in 2003.
10686 I think it's unlikely, but it is possible,
10687 The Reserve Bank will also continue to provide liquidity to Australian financial markets by conducting one-month and three-month repo operations in its daily market operations until further notice,
10688 There is considerable uncertainty about the near-term outlook for the Australian economy,
10689 We need to remember that it is possible to have too much of a good thing,
10690 some risk of Japanification.
10691 more debt issuance coming down the road depending on the fiscal expansion
10692 We need different policy areas to cooperate and to be mutually reinforcing,
10693 the government just doesn't have the space to do anything dramatic or drastic,
10694 in which bank-owned assets are swapped for new Central bank reserves.
10695 Aren't these our children who need to be protected from ourselves, from our instincts to hate and harm? These young, our college students, need to be nurtured, educated and equipped to build the wealth and the future that we want for our country
10696 Will Iranian producers be able to produce? That takes reforms. And can they export some of that? Because any economy needs foreign exchange.
10697 an Economic Rescue Plan for All, to keep poor countries and poor communities afloat,
10698 Canada's digital economy is now bigger than its forestry, mining and gas industries, and the transition to digital reflects incredible momentum for Canadian businesses leveraging data and online technologies.
10699 He (Prime Minister Narendra Modi) has to make me the finance minister because he doesn't understand economics. (About Nirmala) Sitharaman less said the better...,
10700 I thought it was some mischief by the `tukde tukde' gang.
10701 Former UP Chief Minister Mulayam Singh Yadav said he will not agree... We made him agree,
10702 Sir, did i abuse you or your daughter? Abusive term used in return to a comment is BIGOTRY.
10703 They (Muslims) are not in an equal category.
10704 For a change, I am on the side of Rajinikanth on the E.V.R Naicker 1971 rally issue of parading Ram and Sita in a derogatory. This is a fact and Cho had published it in Thuglak. If the cine actor stays firm I will back him in courts if he wants.
10705 There are no such thing as equal rights. [ Minorities ] are not in an equal category.
10706 I am hearing that quite a lot of civil servants who were doing Brexit have been moved temporarily to coronavirus and that must delay the putting into U.K. law what was EU law,
10707 If our permanent calendar was adopted, you'd be simplifying all kinds of commercial life, and just life in general would be a lot simpler,
10708 That's his calculus. In local elections, he and his party are not doing well,
10709 Doing business in India is a nightmare,
10710 Improved cash-flow position of companies will ensure that workers get salaries on time,
10711 Labourers and daily wage earners could face difficulties over the next three months,
10712 A system in which the dollar was purposely kept cheap [ was in place ],
10713 In a way that preserves jobs and economic opportunity, but also preserves the lives of birds as well. We can do both,
10714 There was a good spirit of negotiation into early last night. And right about 8 o'clock, our side sensed a sort of change in attitude, an unwillingness to give and negotiate, for reasons we don't fully understand,
10715 NEPA requires federal agencies to engage the public and consider the real environmental costs and potential consequences of all types of projects, for example: the impact of an oil spill to coastal communities, the impact of a new levee or dam on flooding in neighboring communities, the impact of a pipeline explosion for a tribal community and whether or not a new bridge we build will be washed away by extreme weather fueled by climate change,
10716 It's not surprising that she would look out for California, especially after the president refused to shake her hand.
10717 Melanie is a rare breed of entrepreneur, the likes of which you don't find often anywhere,
10718 Most people expect things will normalize by next week,
10719 If there was an announcement of another extension... that will freak people out.
10720 My faith provides a model for service,
10721 That pace really continued until about 10 or 15 years ago, when the city ran out of land. In 2009, the province allowed Barrie to bring 2,800 hectares of land in from Innisfil and it has been 10 years in the making to plan for those new communities.
10722 This space has had a few different iterations, but there's a portion of it still that has still, if you walk through it, got the carpet and the lighting from Woolworths,
10723 Air travel may be the first thing that comes back,
10724 equal partners in this resurrection
10725 Focus is now on period after the current crisis.
10726 On an annual basis, 2019 was a good year for Canadian hiring... [ but ] productivity growth has been pretty dismal. For those who don't know, the math really is that an economy grows either from more workers or more productive workers. So to the extent we've had good hiring for the year, but not particularly impressive economic growth, really what that means is we've had almost no productivity growth. So that's very much a concern.
10727 put urgency ahead of dithering over potential traps such as conflict of interest, a rushed tendering process and bad optics.
10728 Putting Terry Fox on the five makes a lot of sense to me. He's an incredible Canadian hero.
10729 It's been undermanaged for a very long period of time. We now have a businessman as president,
10730 You know, the president himself said he doesn't want the cure to be worse than the problem,
10731 I am not going to kill my father, okay!
10732 Tell all Americans that you are putting us on an extended Spring Break at home with family.
10733 If this is true, the severity and death rate could be much lower than anticipated, and we could be closer to herd immunity than projected,
10734 The interests of the economy and the interests of the health care system are really identical here,
10735 Stray animals can be quite resourceful, particularly in cities, as they quickly adapt to change. But water scarcity affects birds the worst; sparrows and other small birds have been observed to be the worst victims,
10736 a huge number of people will be pushed into dire poverty or even starvation by the combination of the loss of their livelihoods and interruptions in the standard delivery mechanisms,
10737 the bottom 20 percent has seen income growth of 84 percent, far outpacing the middle class.
10738 and these people are impressive.
10739 From the very beginning, we had two goals: a reduction in costs -- we pay about $11 million a year to Elsevier in subscription fees, which is 25 percent of UC system-wide journal costs -- and default open access publication for UC authors: that is, that Elsevier would publish an author's work open access unless the author didn't want to. This is consistent with the UC faculty senate's goal of all work being published open access.
10740 have long encouraged their political enemies and potential critics to remove themselves from the scene through voluntary exile.
10741 People do not have the confidence in the competency of typical practitioners who provide primary care today.
10742 There's no event that brings in more tourism and has more of an economic impact than the Super Bowl, so those are the reasons you do it because really it uplifts to whole community,
10743 a different perspective on my life
10744 Will entitlements ever be on your plate?
10745 free foreign policy...... from constraints imposed by weaknesses in the financial system.
10746 Federal Reserve policy has been largely a failure.
10747 It definitely feels like we're going in to this last surge of this monster rally.
10748 That is not the Medicare program. It's far more expansive than Medicare is.
10749 Pay sick not to work, buy ventilators, test/isolate. Nothing works until you get a handle on this.
10750 all the math by himself, by candlelight,
10751 aware of the structure of competencies in Europe
10752 It is fair to say that when signals from all three sources line up in the same direction... the effect of those combined signals, at least on my thinking about the policy path, is more material than when the signals provide conflicting interpretations,
10753 The U.S. economy begins the year 2020 in a good place,
10754 Market pricing on rate cuts is a little tricky,
10755 We need to be nimble and we need to be alert,
10756 Our wedding at Gracie's was an absolute dream. Our vision was brought to life by the incredible team at Gracie's, from the planning to the execution and the divine meal. My husband and I had a simple wedding goal; to eat really delicious food with our closest family and friends, and we did just that at Gracie's. Kendal was outstanding with planning every step, and helping to accommodate changes to the plans and problem solved where I needed! The meal and service were as expected, top tier. The team worked to piece together a beautiful backdrop to our brunch. Every detail about the day was perfect!
10757 The bank matches the funds because it's a construction loan,
10758 They approve you as long as you can prove that you can finish with that amount. Yet, they understand that you can go over or it can be a little less. They will at least approve you for what they think will be necessary when they see the plan, and if there's a commitment from a contractor. It could be less, but if it's more you have to come up with the money out of pocket. The bank believes that it's going to be done with $320,000 and we hope it will be built for no more than $320,000.
10759 We're alone here, and I haven't sold more than $20 of merchandise [ in four hours ],
10760 It probably would have cost us $75,000-85,000 in architect fees had we utilized an architect rather than doing it ourselves.
10761 The economic cycle in Indonesia has passed its lowest point and will continue to improve,
10762 The WTO needs to be reformed in order to adjust to the size and the behavior of China today,
10763 you cannot vote for them. They are not a political alternative,
10764 Despite what people would like to believe, there's not a lot of evidence you can reduce health spending by spending more in other areas.
10765 I hope we have sent a nice message on the continent. The fact that we have national constitutions and electoral laws must count for something in the conduct of general elections. Those that are delegated or appointed to discharge the task of overseeing elections derive that authority from the people.
10766 For international observers, if what they are going to continue to do is election tourism, we should scrap it. It is no better than a cartel protecting each other. But if we want to continue with them, let's redefine their role. It should not be a tick-the-box exercise.
10767 Our promise that Malawians should have three meals per day still stands. We want a Malawi where people are empowered and live happily,
10768 If you didn't have Social Security, our poverty rates among the elderly would probably triple,
10769 a better fallback position,
10770 Just the payroll tax cut and liquidity lending,
10771 Debt is a tool. It's neither a good nor a bad.
10772 PSL 2020 to postpone as state of emergency is declared in the country as a precautionary measure against the ongoing Novel Corona Virus, COVID 19 situation in Pakistan. After reviewing the situation altogether I believe it's right in favour of everyone involved in @thePSLt20,
10773 Sammy's services are unforgettable. Citizenship and the highest civil award is an honour for both Sammy and Peshawar Zalmi,
10774 I thought it was magical that someone can come up with these beautiful pieces of music,
10775 Is it perfect? No.. But Democrats control only one of the three branches of government, and I give them a lot of credit.
10776 Many, many of whom are going to be applying for unemployment insurance. And so the claims, when they report them next week, it's going to be over a million. The question is how much over a million?
10777 But it's just not going to be enough to absorb the massive numbers of people who are idled,
10778 Some of [ the tenants' communications ] are nice, expressing legitimate concern about what's going on, while some of them were a bit more demanding in tone,
10779 some of Wall Street's biggest investors have already raised the alarm that stocks could see a big sell-off if markets start to believe that Sanders could prove a meaningful political threat to President Donald Trump... Bond investor Gundlach said that the biggest risk to the market in 2020 was the possibility of Sanders becoming president. Longtime hedge fund manager Stanley Druckenmiller said something similar last summer, warning that stocks could plummet if Sanders is elected president. `If Bernie Sanders became president, I think stock prices should be 30% to 40% lower than they are now,' he said in June.
10780 We want to express our deepest condolences to the family & friends after the passing of our teammate Colby Cave earlier this morning,
10781 But the country also gravely mishandled the return of coronavirus-infected pilgrims from Iran, and its prime minister has waffled on messaging and implementing a full, federally mandated lockdown,
10782 I don't think we have anything shaping up like 2008 or 1929, particularly in the United States,
10783 I think the math really adds up here, because, currently, about a billion dollars is spent on the legal costs and that is basically money taken away from the people who need it to get better. So, if you actually redirect that money from process to treatment of the injured, that can do a lot of good.
10784 The supply chain extends to multiple countries, and they all have to come together to make a product happen. So any disruption at one location could be critical... So you have to make sure you have strategic options, that you are no longer dependent on just one location. Have some redundancy in your supply chain. Identify the points of possible disruptions and inventory accordingly.
10785 What we are seeing and hearing is credit challenges are becoming more widespread and more acute, and as that happens solvency becomes more into play,
10786 It's an open question whether the vice president could have done something about that. But that's what he had to live with.
10787 Unfortunately, in a strong labor market, there are lower costs to labor and the probability of a strike goes up.
10788 We don't know why our neighbouring country banned palm oil. There should be some other politics behind it,
10789 Our neighbors will take care of our citizens who are stuck in the border areas and our government will take care of their citizens,
10790 We have to record it so that we don't do it again,
10791 What would take years in a financial crisis has happened in days in this health crisis,
10792 I've never seen Congress move so fast to do something so large. Unfortunately, the problem may be larger and faster,
10793 If we had paid leave, we'd be in better shape right now.
10794 This would a critical floor of social insurance for hundreds of millions of Americans and would help the economy rebound more quickly when we are past the virus lockdown phase,
10795 If you ask people what kinds of policies they would like to see, a carbon tax is way down on the list and does not get a majority of support except among left-leaning people and, you know, California,
10796 Its effects will last for a long time.
10797 The $20,000 on offer to assist in the possible financial recovery of a regional festival is a very small part of the puzzle,
10798 Victoria has so many amazing natural and cultural attractions to promote and we'll be proudly telling our story to audiences from across the country and around the world.
10799 What a very, very sad day for Victoria... the end of the iconic Holden brand.
10800 The German experience with monetary targeting leads me to conclude that it is not necessary to bind central banks' hands tightly (say by a fixed exchange rate, gold standard, or a specified rule) in order to sustain low inflation. It is crucial, however, that the central bank achieves transparency by stating its goal and provide structured accountability with respect to its meeting that goal. The Bundesbank also teaches us that flexibility and low inflation need not be in conflict.
10801 The world is facing a major challenge in fighting against coronavirus,
10802 The coronavirus crisis is already doing significant damage around the world. Rather than compounding the tragedy by allowing it to hinder clean energy transitions, we need to seize the opportunity to help accelerate them,
10803 Polarized debate will not help us.
10804 We now need to work hard to make sure that 2019 is remembered as a definitive peak in global emissions, not just another pause in growth,
10805 Whatever incident took place in JNU was not sudden but planned. We all know who is behind it. MHRD and Home Minister are behind the violence. This is `Official Sponsored Goondaism' ,
10806 He had raised the same voice in a UN forum in 2009 too. He said that `The solution to cut emissions is to stop eating beef' .
10807 Krishna Menon's achievements were gigantic, his failures monumental. His intellectual strengths were awesome, his emotional equilibrium pathetic. He was the delight of his crisis, the despair of his admirers. He reached dizzying heights of fame, plumbed to depths of notoriety. It is very easy to judge Krishna Menon. He has a long record of pluses and minuses. On what he accomplished, he commands plaudits. On what he blotched up, he deserves strictures,
10808 Reintroductions of large carnivores have increasingly been recognised as a strategy to conserve threatened species and restore ecosystem functions. The cheetah is the only large carnivore that has been extirpated, mainly by over-hunting in India in historical times. India now has the economic ability to consider restoring its lost natural heritage for ethical as well as ecological reasons.
10809 explicitly or implicitly, condition the recapitalization... on certain policy actions.
10810 How long has it taken us to put some of these people on trial? The government has spent a lot of taxpayers' money in order to pay for some of these difficulties.
10811 $US1.2 trillion in pure terms is going to cover about two to three weeks of economic activity.
10812 If the U.S. hasn't stabilized, it's difficult to see any significant stabilization elsewhere the world,
10813 You can't build a wall in the sky,
10814 should have been concentrated on the economy and is instead distracted by political things.
10815 I expect global equities to tank by 30 per cent to 40 per cent this year,
10816 and there is no human being that can just monitor all these transactions and make the right decisions.
10817 The CDU will again be preoccupied with the leadership discussion and a more strategic discussion on how to deal with the AfD,
10818 This vigilance is particularly warranted in light of some signs that monetary policy is encouraging increased risk-taking
10819 Twitter has undergone remarkable change over the last several years. We are deeply proud of our accomplishments and confident we are on the right path with Jack's leadership and the executive team. As a Board, we regularly review and evaluate how Twitter is run, and while our CEO structure is unique, so is Jack and so is this C ompany. To continue to ensure strong governance, we are pleased to create a temporary Board committee that will build on our regular evaluation of Twitter's leadership structure. This committee, which I will chair, will provide a fresh look at our various structures, and report the findings to our Board on an ongoing basis. In an environment where certainty is scarce, I can say with certainty that today we have taken steps to meaningfully strengthen what is already a world-class Board.
10820 When you hit it hard with something like this, it undermines what little safety net existed underneath in the first place.
10821 could well say, I've been paying rent on this giant, expensive shiny box for quite some time. It turns out that I don't need to do this, because 80 per cent of what I used it for was actually done by you in your spare room.
10822 David Blackwell is a Berkeley hero,
10823 In turn, this will help vulnerable groups to more quickly recover their livelihoods and continue to invest in the future.
10824 most immigrants pull their own weight -- and then some.
10825 On behalf of the entire Sponsor Group, we are confident that we have found the right path forward with Searchlight and ForgeLight. Our goal in launching a comprehensive strategic review was to ensure that Univision was best positioned for future growth and success, and we believe this is the ideal outcome. Univision serves a critical purpose, and the value its programming brings to audiences, partners and communities is immeasurable. We are proud of all that Univision stands for and how much the company has accomplished over the years, and we look forward to seeing Univision continue to grow and evolve under Searchlight and Wade Davis' leadership as it enters this exciting new chapter.
10826 He laid out how grimly he saw the whole story, with giving the monopoly more benefits and strengthening it. He spoke about ending the structural separation, he said, `I spoke to the prime minister and I have ways of explaining to him that it's a bad mistake, I'm going to fight in the media and go to the High Court of Justice, we won't allow it and we'll demand dismantling Bezeq.
10827 The corona pandemic is slowing global trade. Cross-border logistics is becoming more difficult. Germany as an export nation is particularly affected.
10828 The dollars are no longer going to the very bottom,
10829 The Ivanhoe team is comprised of an extraordinary group of people. I have absolute confidence that working together we will meet these challenges and emerge stronger and more resilient than ever,
10830 The whole electrical system is massively copper intensive. All electric cars now use four times more copper than conventional gasoline-powered autos.
10831 because people start getting sick, the hospitals get overflowing and then people will isolate themselves and the thing will not sustain.
10832 decidedly confused and very muddled
10833 In those jurisdictions, fiscal as well as monetary policy may be needed to get inflation expectations up,
10834 Don't come near me or my box
10835 If India can hold on to its democratic institutions, it can come out on top
10836 It is imperative not just to lift people out of extreme poverty; it is also important to make sure that, in the long run, they do not get stuck just above the extreme poverty line due to a lack of opportunities that might impede progress toward better livelihoods.
10837 If the gardens were opened today we would have been able to salvage 40% of the first flush teas which is the largest revenue earner for Darjeeling tea industry. The chief minister has now sought time. If the gardens reopen in Wednesday then we could still salvage 15% -20% of the first flush crop. A further delay will completely ruin the first flush teas,
10838 If we keep up our current strategy of suppression based on indiscriminate social distance for 12 to 18 months, most of us will still be alive. It is our economy that will be dead.
10839 Global crises of such magnitude demand scientific and humanitarian collaborations across borders. Harvard and other institutions in the Boston area conduct research on diagnostics, virology, vaccine and therapeutics development, immunology, epidemiology, and many other areas.... With its tremendous range of expertise and experience, our community can be an important resource for any effort to address a major global infectious disease outbreak. Our scientists and clinicians feel an obligation to be part of a promising collaboration to overcome the worldwide humanitarian crisis posed by this novel virus.
10840 Many Americans have never heard of a `chief equity officer,' but it may be the hottest new job in municipal government.
10841 I know that there have been, over the past, say, 50 years, quite a few other companies embark upon this, but for whatever reason they couldn't hang in there with it. It's really difficult.
10842 They are under strict supervision, isolated and are receiving the necessary help,
10843 But clearly this is a scandal, a violation of the Law of Return [ which governs eligibility for aliyah ] and a classic case for the High Court of Justice,
10844 I can't forget that police violated all rules and human rights. When someone said, `We will die' one constable snubbed us, saying, `It doesn't matter' .
10845 It has not ever been a part of monetary policy.
10846 What we have right now is a race between the virus wreaking havoc on the economy, and the relief trying to get out.
10847 Let's be smart and think about this. We want to get people back to work, get the economies going again, let's build back better.
10848 That's the trade to have. I have that in my own account and continue to recommend it.
10849 Therefore, it cannot be depended upon to adequately stimulate the economy, to counter the weakening business and especially the small businessmen and women and growing unemployment and underemployment,
10850 Applications include artificial intelligence, machine learning, big data and security against ransomware attacks.
10851 Rest assured that what happened today will not stand in the way of our transition, instead it is an additional push to the wheel of change in.
10852 I don't claim to be in the mainstream of economists... I would bring my own perspective. But I think the intellectual diversity strengthens the discussion.
10853 I don't claim to be in the mainstream of economists.
10854 independence of the Federal Reserve is a vital aspect of its credibility... every American, every member of Congress and even the president of the United states has the right to criticize our Federal Reserve.
10855 I think it was fairly evident early on, the prospect of finding Michael was quite remote,
10856 There is still a risk of a further tightening in financial conditions that could expose financial vulnerabilities,
10857 As concerns about the global economy grew, central banks around the world -- including the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank -- eased monetary policy through rate cuts and unconventional tools.
10858 While this is contributing to slow down the infection, there is the need for further analysis to predict the infection rate in the country in the light of the lockdown,
10859 Before assistance is the step of taking away all of the obstacles that they have put in our ordinary trade, whether it be food and medical supplies, or any other trade. So, I think the first step is not sending a small package of medicine, [ but ] is to take away, to lift sanctions on food and medical supplies,
10860 But you don't want to overdo it either,
10861 a lot more vivid.
10862 As soon as you put cargo on wheels you're increasing your logistical costs by anywhere from 30-50 per cent.
10863 CBO expects that the economy will contract sharply during the second quarter of 2020 as a result of the continued disruption of commerce stemming from the spread of the novel coronavirus,
10864 It's likely that (the economy) will be impacted throughout the first half.
10865 Our fans deserve nothing but the best hockey. We thank them for their continued support as we work toward our goals.
10866 We haven't been winning. And so this is, there wasn't anything specific. You guys know the record. You guys know everything that's been done. There were a lot of positives, but it was time to go in a different direction.
10867 As part of an effort todo that we asked salaried employees to take a temporary 20% pay cut whilepreserving everyone's full benefits -- and keeping our 1500 hourly workerspaid throughout the regular season. After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be payingthese employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary time in ourworld -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinarybusiness decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, Iapologize for getting this wrong.
10868 It's never a good time to do this but once you make the decision, you have to act,
10869 She just goes off and does it,
10870 The Partnership has traded for over 155 years, during which time we have faced many difficult periods, including two world wars and the 2008 financial crisis,
10871 The U.S.-China relationship has deteriorated to a new post-Tiananmen low at a particularly unfortunate time, when the two countries ought to be joining forces to limit the ravages wrought by the pandemic on public health, economic activity and financial markets,
10872 There'll be no substantive talks until Cubs know outcome of service time grievance. What's the point of discussing deals if u don't know what you're trading?
10873 We would [ normally ] produce somewhere in the vicinity of 250 and 300 tonnes of honey,
10874 Decoupling -- making sure the U.S. economy has as little to do with China as is practically possible -- has to be the overriding U.S. objective.
10875 preparing a workforce for working with and being part of AI driven growth
10876 We are already seeing a significant decrease in visitation to Hong Kong Disneyland from China and other parts of Asia,
10877 frequently met BJP's Narottam Mishra
10878 If the reason for our existence there is to overthrow Assad, they should say it openly. You are not saying this. So why are we staying there?
10879 Rules, in the Bloombergian universe, only apply to people with less than ten zeros in their net worth,
10880 Those of us who file taxes know that it's not so easy to file taxes,
10881 Although there is optimism that increasing expenditure on education could improve learning, quite often there had been no accountability on how such funds are used to benefit learners, especially in the rural areas,
10882 Cassandra is an experienced leader who demonstrated a deep affinity for NIU's mission and vision. I believe she will provide excellent leadership and be a collaborative force on campus for the College of Law,
10883 i just noticed when taylor crumples the piece of paper at the beginning and tosses it, three women catch it and freak out like bridesmaids who catch the wedding bouquet,
10884 In a period without much control, it is easy to use shopping as a way to feel in control.
10885 It is good for financial institutions to keep in mind that the revival of business activity in the country is to their own self-interest.
10886 Many people in Mildura will have egg on their faces, the Deputy Prime Minister will have egg on his face and will have questions to answer in parliament.
10887 The next step on this journey is now to look at how we can merge our skills, staff experience and customer loyalty to make a bigger more sustainable Business with far greater solutions and services that our clients will benefit from.
10888 properly funded and generally independent
10889 Public market capital is not by its nature partnership capital. That's the proposition we make. We represent a pool of patient, constructive capital [ and ] offer an attractive, alternative path [ to an IPO ]. These businesses will become an important part of the Canadian economy... and eventually many go public -- but they'll probably go public later.
10890 Tax rebates and policies aimed at ensuring credit availability to small businesses are likely to become priorities for Congress
10891 The response in Europe needs to be scaled up, via greater [ and ideally centrally funded ] easing and a more unconditional `whatever it takes' commitment to the integrity of the euro area,
10892 The real problem is that in a country like ours, 30 per cent of the population will not be able to provide the kind of documentation needed and therefore runs the risk of being excluded.... remember that 30 per cent of the Indian population is almost 400 million people. Even if the government is well-intentioned, at the lower levels such an exercise can become the source of immense harassment. The apprehensions (of the citizenry) are not unreasonable....
10893 AI is a statistical-inference technology that learns by example. This means that if we allow AI systems to learn from `garbage' examples, we will end up with a statistical-inference model that is really good at producing `garbage' inferences.
10894 And how will we know they're taking it seriously?
10895 Even 14 years after its last products were sold, the Bremerland brand is still one of the most popular brands among citizens over 40 years of age in the Bremen metropolitan area, and one that evokes happy memories among the citizens.
10896 It has been decided to place the minutes of the meetings of the Central Board on the RBI's website in terms of provisions of Section 4 of the RTI Act, after appropriately severing information that is permitted to be severed as per the Act,
10897 Media reports suggest that Mr. Sanjay Nathalal Shah, Chartered Accountant and an independent director of a few of our group companies, is alleged to be connected to Capstone. Let me reiterate that he has no other association with the Edelweiss Group, nor is he in any way related to me; you will appreciate that Shah is a common name,
10898 The EU institutions will drive convergence, which is a mistake in my view. Already the Eurogroup was where difficult decisions were made, and those outside will doubly feel in a `second ring' - like it or not,
10899 as due north as it might
10900 For well-performing places, this is a virtuous circle. For left-behind places, it is a vicious one.
10901 CEO compensation has risen far faster than profits,
10902 no building should be approved on local green community spaces.
10903 She's a world-class scholar, a great teacher, and is returning from a very visible and important leadership role on the world stage. That's an awesome mix and we're proud Penny will be helping us build the Jackson School.
10904 The biggest obstacle is overcoming the hump of getting anything passed.
10905 The people who do OK are those with resources, health care, family, friends and good neighbors.
10906 Time Has Come Today was it for me.
10907 The US is currently enjoying another stock market boom which, if history is any guide, also stands to end in a bust. For four decades the US economy has been trapped in a `Groundhog Day' cycle in which policy engineered new stock market booms to cover the tracks of previous busts. But as each new boom ameliorates, it does not recuperate the prior damage done to income distribution and shared prosperity.
10908 Valmet's mission is to convert renewable resources into sustainable results.
10909 a joke about Jews in ovens that I heard when I was in college or a swastika being spray-painted on the front lawn of my high school growing up.
10910 means having banks we can put our money in and be confident that it's secure.
10911 plunged as if no bottom was in sight: no one wants to catch a falling knife.
10912 They call it preemption, but what it really is is an anti-democratic ban on taxation and on big business,
10913 CAA aims to provide a healing touch to the persecuted communities except the Muslims in three Islamic countries. That kind of legislation is discriminatory in nature. The original 1955 Act is based on secular principles.
10914 In coming decades, climate change -- and efforts to limit that change and adapt to it -- will have increasingly important effects on the U.S. economy. These effects and their associated risks are relevant considerations for the Federal Reserve in fulfilling its mandate for macroeconomic and financial stability.
10915 In the case of... may epidemic of illiteracy. Iyong sinasabi na 70,000 learners in Bicol cannot read. Palagay ko ay kailangan i-clarify, ano ang ibig sabihin natin ng `cannot read.' Kung `no read, no write,' hindi iyan tama,
10916 The share of wealth going to the U.S. billionaire class has exploded in recent decades. Therefore, they can bid up the prices on the fanciest mansions in the country as Jeff Bezos just did with the Beverly Hills mansion,
10917 There is a rise in rural unemployment because of the stress in agriculture. We need to deal with that issue on priority. For example, we could set up training agencies and provide opportunities in other areas.
10918 I'm raising my official target for the first time in eight years, I'm raising it to $400,000.
10919 I'm so happy to see the children recover, not to mention the economic assistance the Chinese side has offered. Such good deeds deserve our respect. The seeds of friendship have been planted in our hearts. May China-Myanmar `Phauphaw' (fraternal) friendship be carried on from generation to generation,
10920 India is not a position to test the entire population.
10921 So I wound up speaking to the Governor of Massachusetts and said would he allow us to give 300,000 of the masks to the people of New York City, and he immediately, Governor Baker, said yes.
10922 We are far, far too early to even begin contemplating... stepping back or stepping away from these measures at this point in time, because this virus is out there and it would just come straight back at us,
10923 We do know we are going to need to have sufficient personal protective equipment, so that people are going to be able to work safely. We are going to need to have sufficient hospital resources, so that people who do get sick can get proper treatment. We are going to need massive increases in testing, and we are going to need to see periods where the infection rate is falling.
10924 With the markets destroying wealth so quickly, the two shocks we're seeing globally - the coronavirus and the oil-price war-could morph into a financial crisis,
10925 Against this backdrop, the MPC decided to reduce the repurchase rate by 25 basis points. The decision was unanimous.
10926 For example, if all of a sudden you have a lot of people working at home, the patterns of restaurant usage are going to change dramatically,
10927 Money and payment systems are founded on trust in the currency-whether cash or digital - and this trust is something that only the central bank can ensure
10928 relatively few confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Dane County, the number of cases nationally continues to grow.
10929 actually has some substance and money behind the leveling up [ reducing the gap between the UK's richest and poorest regions ] rhetoric.
10930 PAALS is in desperate need of puppy raisers either full time or weekends to support them.
10931 significant if we go to the suggested regionalisation of representation
10932 The CDU is currently unable to govern. Down with that government,
10933 We are committed to work alongside the Government of Mali to ensure migration can continue to promote Mali's economic, social and cultural development,
10934 You can understand why people don't want to go to restaurants, shopping malls, not to mention travel,
10935 In a sense, economic time has been stopped, but financial time has not been stopped.
10936 The economy was weak for a long time and the rebound came more slowly for the typical person. It's not surprising, then, that the typical person is asking whether the financial system and the people who regulate it really have their best interest in mind. I'm a former regulator, and I can understand why some people feel they've been ill-served.
10937 the opportunity cost of anything of value is what you must give up to get it
10938 What you need to do is ensure you always have sufficient liquidity to rebalance your portfolio,
10939 As part of an effort to do that we asked salaried employees to take a temporary 20% pay cut while preserving everyone's full benefits -- and keeping our 1500 hourly workers paid throughout the regular season. After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be paying those employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary tim in our world-unlike any most of us have ever lived through before - and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
10940 Our commitment has been to do our best to keep all of our employees working through this very difficult situation. As part of an effort to do that we asked salaried employees to take a temporary 20 percent pay cut for preserving everyone's full benefits -- and keeping our 1,500 hourly workers paid throughout the regular season. After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be playing these employees their full salaries. This is   an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong. 
10941 It's never a good time to do this, but once you make the decision, you have to act on them,
10942 Clearly, they want to delay any further damaging stuff about Tom Watson while the peerage is still being considered. If he can get the peerage, he is invulnerable.
10943 I think that says something about Boris Johnson's own abilities of management of his own government.
10944 This is not about providing just a carte blanche assurance or a cheque to people and it is right that there is due process here.
10945 Countries will need to implement structural reforms to help shorten the time to recovery and create confidence that the recovery can be strong. For those countries that have excessive regulations, subsidies, licensing regimes, trade protection or litigiousness as obstacles, we will work with them to foster markets, choice and faster growth prospects during the recovery,
10946 the projects focus squarely on delivering better services for Nigerians: ensuring that children are immunised and sleep under mosquito nets, building better roads especially in rural areas, and providing Nigeria's poorest citizens with a unique identification that will make social safety nets and services more effective
10947 The speed and breadth of the response is crucial to its effectiveness,
10948 creative collaboration is essential to mobilizing investment into climate infrastructure in emerging markets at scale,
10949 I am relieved that Iran chose the path of de-escalation last night, and I hope they will continue to do so,
10950 There is a whole block within the Democratic Party that believes themselves to be socialists. What response should the Democratic Party have to Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren?
10951 This proposal takes a sledgehammer to decades of legal precedence and puts our communities at risk,
10952 High among the resources needed are five qualified, nominated and confirmed board members.
10953 If we and the fiscal system provide the economy with enough money and businesses get started again, then there is no reason to think the whole thing would turn into deflation.
10954 I understand that there are many who reason this way, because that is the way we are used to thinking, but monetary policy is something completely different currently when the main purpose is to keep the Swedish economy going.
10955 It's a big deal for any city having the draft today, it pumps up the game,
10956 KRCC will remain KRCC and donors can count on the fact that that will strengthen our reporting right here in southern Colorado,
10957 Let's be clear, these protests are not entirely about the CAA. The BJP has been infringing upon our freedom for some time; these protests are a manifestation of the societal disapproval of their agenda,
10958 My interpretation of what we heard today is that no-one was criticising the quality of people you already have, but that you need more staff to be able to do more sensitive work,
10959 I am seriously considering going to the US and doing a lobbying trip there, meeting the Democrats and others, and even some Republicans,
10960 Phone calls make collaboration harder,
10961 Price appreciation has rapidly accelerated, and areas that are relatively unaffordable or declining in affordability are starting to experience slower job growth,
10962 Sales will decline this spring season because of unique economic and social consequences resulting from the coronavirus outbreak, but much of the activity looks to reappear later in the year,
10963 We must improve affordability by building more homes in line with local job market growth.
10964 As inventory continues to decline and affordability worsens, workers and companies are less incentivized to do business here.
10965 The coronavirus has quickly upended global economic expansion and introduced the significant uncertainty of a possible recession,
10966 There will be very volatile data,
10967 I would say, builders: build mid-priced homes and you can sell them,
10968 Rising home values typically create wealth gains for existing homeowners as shown in NAR's latest study, however, areas that are deemed `too expensive' will obviously have trouble attracting residents and companies looking to do business there,
10969 This problem will drain household resources, weigh on the economy, and could undermine efforts to slow the spread of Covid-19 by encouraging people to take on extra work,
10970 Less foreclosures assure stable home prices and a much better position for the economy to return back to normal after the pandemic,
10971 Budgets should be aimed at solving problems,
10972 crowding out discretionary spending and things where we invest in the future.
10973 Ensuring the anonymity of these individuals is paramount. If you are aware of their identities, please respect their privacy so that they can focus completely on their health. The last thing they need -- or any of us would want for them -- is public attention and scrutiny.
10974 We were tested yesterday and just received the results a few minutes ago. We wanted to share this news with all of you as soon as possible.
10975 is that at the point at which we have to make the choice, there will still be a tremendous amount of uncertainty
10976 no virtual gathering can possibly match the splendor of our usual festivities
10977 Hand sanitisers can be made with any kind of alcohol but normally it is made with isopropyl alcohol which is very scarce now. Ethanol is a very good substitute and Carew & Co is the only source of the chemical in Bangladesh,
10978 If you look at the underlying fundamentals for the U.S. economy, they are pretty good,
10979 There are a lot of scenarios that could play out,
10980 when the transmission mechanism of monetary policy to the economy is impaired.
10981 I've incorporated it as a downside risk to my modal forecast, which calls for growth to continue at trend, slightly slower than the pace of last year, with continued healthy consumption growth and some pickup in investment spending,
10982 I don't see a compelling reason that we'd want to tighten, nor do I see a compelling reason that we'd want to weaken, unless there's a change to the outlook,
10983 In some ways, this troubling trend is reminiscent of the early part of the 20th century -- when the twin forces of technology and integration led to the first Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and, ultimately, financial disaster,
10984 could get worse depending on many variable factors, including the duration of the pandemic
10985 Jennifer is widely recognized for her leadership, her strategic problem-solving and managerial skills, and her ability to engender trust amongst all parties,
10986 Our current estimate for the overall financial needs of emerging markets is $2.5 trln. We believe this is on the lower end. We do know that their own reserves and domestic resources will not be sufficient,
10987 full toolbox and $1 trillion firepower
10988 bring us into uncharted territory in terms of assessing labour market impacts and in forecasting the severity of the shock.
10989 V-shaped dramatic decline and very significant recovery.
10990 I actually do have belief in China's capability to mobilise a response and they have a lot of fiscal space,
10991 If we were to just bring the Middle East to par with the more advanced economies... over the next years, there would be $1 trillion more in output for everyone to share,
10992 It is clear that we have entered a recession that will be worse than in 2009 following the global financial crisis,
10993 In some low income countries debt at levels are higher than before the global crisis. It requires all of us to think about unintended consequences,
10994 We know the disease is spreading quickly with over one-third of our membership affected directly. This is no longer a regional issue. It is a global problem calling for a global response,
10995 I actually do have belief in China's capability to mobilize a response and they have a lot of fiscal space,
10996 Let's say for this quarter, it's very likely there would be some negative impact,
10997 Is it the optimal way? I'm not sure it's the optimal way, but it's the best way.
10998 It's going to be bad before it gets better,
10999 My greatest honour in life will always be that I am Colby Cave's wife. I love him dearly, I always will and miss him beyond words. He taught me so much. He was genuine, caring, selfless, had a contagious laughter, but most importantly had the biggest heart. Though our time with him on earth was cut short, I am grateful that the whole world can now see how incredible my husband was and how lucky I am to be his wife. Colby would be humbled by the Colby Cave Memorial Fund, and I am looking forward to continuing his legacy alongside the Edmonton Oilers and the rest of the hockey community.
11000 People who regularly do things that get them up and out of their chairs are the ones who thrive.
11001 so we'll be able to complete the required number of school days by April.
11002 I am going on isolation. However, like my fellow Cabinet member, I will continue working -- virtually attend IATF meetings, preside over the DepEd Execom and Mancom, and make all decisions necessary to keep DepEd in full operation,
11003 do not know how to read
11004 In schools, which we believe can already be reopened and classes can resume, it will start on Feb. 3,
11005 demand for professional competence, as well as management and leadership excellence in the educational community.
11006 The chief needs to be out in the community and known by the people. That way, if he makes a mistake, people may say, `He's OK. He's a good guy.
11007 The drop in starts doesn't capture the full hit from the virus lockdowns, which began in earnest mid-month,
11008 The uncertainty over the virus, the uncertainty over the fiscal stimulus, oil down to around $30 -- those are three key things that are driving things and right now there's not a lot of positive news.
11009 By way of reference, the low after the crash of 2008 was a mere -34.3, so this report makes it very clear that manufacturing now is being hammered as hard as services,
11010 Given the clear upward trend in mortgage demand in the fall, it would be reasonable to expect sales to be trending higher, but lack of inventory might be holding back transactions volumes in some markets,
11011 They are shifting from face-to-face to telephone, Skype and other non face-to-face delivery.
11012 They may show a little bit more generosity in terms of loans or various regulations rather than in terms of hard cash,
11013 They will return to putting solar on their roofs to lower their bills, which will make the state's solar over-generation issue worse and do nothing to address peak demand. It seems to me California has not learned the lesson in the Puget Sound experience.
11014 Today, we are unhedged, and we no longer own any insurance
11015 If the federal government does not impose such a lockdown, we believe it is likely that effectively all fifty states will do so eventually, with the additional delay costing many thousands of more lives, and much greater economic destruction.
11016 Without marketing or investor relations responsibilities, the investment team's resources are now entirely dedicated to investment analysis, selection, monitoring, and portfolio management.
11017 You [ need to ] shock the virus,
11018 We were advised the breeding season for puffins extends from early April to late August; from mid-March to late September for gannets; and from early February to mid-September for shags,
11019 With time, his mastery at thwarting crises became legendary as was his ability to assert state authority. That is largely how Kenya stabilized as a number of countries in the region and continent suffered disruptions and long periods of civil unrest,
11020 A critical implication of our findings is that it is highly unlikely that technology played a central role in causing this asymmetric media ecosystem,
11021 A payroll tax cut like the president wants wouldn't help the elderly, non-employed, who are at the most risk from the virus,
11022 Much of this would only be necessary if economic growth is near or below zero due to the coronavirus epidemic.
11023 At 7.30 pm on Friday night, Hugsy and I will go live on our Facebook page and YouTube. There will be 80 questions, in eight rounds of 10, giving the answers out after each round.
11024 We're heading into May, and businesses are looking at months, not weeks, of being deprived of sales, being shut down or having dramatic drops in sales,
11025 best ally of hyper-capitalism,
11026 I think, first, that [ Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth ] Warren and Sanders are not radicals,
11027 in a positive and constructive sense to refer to a set of a priori plausible ideas and discourses describing how society should be structured.
11028 It will open Intel Extreme Masters to a broader audience and provide CS: GO fans a richer event experience.
11029 A local manufacturer of these life-saving machines will help us respond to coronavirus cases and help save Victorian and Australian lives.
11030 More than half of Australia's digital games companies are based here, so the local jobs story is just as compelling as the on-screen action.
11031 This taskforce of industry leaders will strengthen our innovation ecosystem, provide guidance on how to create new and better jobs, strengthen our economy and build strong international connections,
11032 It's an honour to announce that I will be doing a gig for the NHS and careworkers at London's The O2 on 29 October,
11033 F ***** g hate coriander it's a c ***'s trick LG x
11034 Too soon. The little fella has threatened to take a year off which I highly recommend. I reckon he'll give his head a good shake and bingo we'll be on for the following year isn't it.
11035 It's gon na happen very f *** ing soon because [ Noel is ] greedy and he loves money and he knows that it's got to happen soon or it won't happen.
11036 It was a lovely experience and the people of Hull were biblical and sounded fantastic. I hope you enjoy the record.
11037 It's an honour to announce that I will be doing a gig for the NHS and careworkers at London's TheO2 on October 29th,
11038 That c *** can't even f *** ing sell out Apollo in Manchester -- 3000 capacity in his own f *** ing town, the f *** ing embarrassing f *** ing donut.
11039 This is a widespread issue as people come to rely on sites to makes their purchase choices,
11040 The rankings were largely based on which advertiser would pay them [ Trivago ] the most money,
11041 The structure of the market has a very big player which is Telstra which has significantly more resources than the other players, like Optus,
11042 When people in different circumstances claim they've got the virus, they then set up websites to try and get people to give them money - we're looking at a couple of [ cases of that ].
11043 The ACCC is concerned there will be limited similar alternatives for brokers to switch to. This may negatively impact the services offered to brokers.
11044 AFG and Connective operate in an already concentrated market, and not many other mortgage aggregators offer a similar level or type of service. Additionally, potential entrants or small players may be deterred from expanding by various barriers, including compliance costs,
11045 This is like we're at war,
11046 I think I agree with Rod's point about fairness because when you think about it, that is what responsible business is all about,
11047 Urban workers stay in cramped living spaces where they are far more likely to spread infections and it could be worse than them going to work,
11048 whereas China never spent money in our country. We spent money.
11049 For now, there is not much to be optimistic [ about ], and what we can hope is if there's going to be the right stimulus -- and it has to be something of at least 3% of GDP -- this is going to be a very severe, but short recession,
11050 If the Chinese economy were to shrink by 2% in the first quarter, it would require growth of 8% in the final three quarters to reach the 6% annual growth rate that everyone had expected before the virus broke out,
11051 Everyone believes it's going to be a V-shaped recession, but people don't know what they are talking about. They prefer to believe in miracles,
11052 He's going to damage the U.S. alliances in the world and U.S. soft power over time,
11053 Ireland has taken the view... that asylum seekers are not `normally resident' here,
11054 Our approach is always to work with any customer facing a challenge to reach a sustainable solution, and that's an aim that we share with all parties in this matter.
11055 We are very encouraged by what has happened, we want to make sure that soccer at the grassroots is preserved, we want to make sure that the interests of the staff who have served the FAI very, very well in the past and hopefully in the future are protected as well,
11056 discussed the extent of UEFA's capacity and willingness to participate in a support package
11057 a fair and commensurate response
11058 That is not on the cards. What we are going to do is to ensure the future for the volunteers, the young people. I'm not going to discuss actual figures at the moment on that basis but I can tell you that if we see a way of helping young people and volunteers, the grassroots, we made it clear we might be prepared to augment funding.
11059 I am proposing to bring in a fairer, more proportionate system which will distinguish between those who may be only slightly in excess of the relevant speed limit and those who are driving well in excess of the maximum legal limit applying.
11060 Pachauri's contribution to global sustainable development is unparalleled. His leadership of the IPCC laid the ground for climate change conversations today,
11061 The abuses also point to money laundering and that is obviously an issue that we want to deal with.
11062 contribute to a favourable balance of payment position for the country
11063 We are making progress in that direction, setting up that one-stop-shop. We want to keep improving our position on the ease of doing business to make sure that we are open for business.
11064 the fight against Daesh [ ISIS terrorist group ] is not over,
11065 This is both about military activities, but also political support and cooperation with countries in the region,
11066 led to the demise of the INF Treaty last year,
11067 The agreements between the United States and the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, and between the United States and the Taliban, promise to end decades of devastating conflict and to pave the way for negotiations among Afghans, as they begin to build a better future for all. This is a victory for peace and a victory for the Afghan people. Through their bravery and determination, and the support of the international community, Afghanistan is a very different country today than it was in 2001. I have seen this transformation, from despair to hope, driven by a deep desire for peace, in the eyes of every Afghan I have met.
11068 called for restraint and de-escalation. A new conflict would be in no one's interest.
11069 so that they no longer require our support
11070 the decision of the US, not of the [ anti-Islamic State (Isis) ] coalition or of Nato
11071 proud to see NATO Allies supporting each other through our disaster relief centre.
11072 asked NATO to become more involved
11073 We support the actions taken in India of supporting low-income workers with in-hand cash transfers. In this recovery phase, this will have to continue. This will call for fiscal action, fiscal spending and measures on the monetary policy front,
11074 A pandemic scenario had been raised as a possibility in previous economic policy discussions, but none of us had a meaningful sense of what it would look like on the ground and what it would mean for the economy. We now encounter a grim reality, where exponential growth of contagion means 100 infected individuals become 10,000 in a matter of a few days,
11075 Since then, some risks have partially receded with the announcement of a US-China Phase I trade deal and lower likelihood of a no-deal Brexit,
11076 as economic activity normalizes, helped by policy support.
11077 As containment measures come off, policies should shift swiftly to supporting demand, incentivizing firm hiring, and repairing balance sheets in the private and public sector to aid the recovery,
11078 If these tensions return, that will undo all of the improvements in policy uncertainty that we've seen recently,
11079 really downside, dire scenarios.
11080 The cumulative loss of global GDP over 2020 and 2021 from the pandemic crisis could be around $9 trillion, greater than the economies of Japan and Germany combined,
11081 Stemming the spread of COVID-19 is of utmost importance. Policies at the moment should focus on both protecting public health and putting people back to work. Getting the virus under control is, if anything, a prerequisite to saving livelihoods,
11082 Substantial targeted policies are needed to support the economy through the epidemic, keeping intact the web of economic and financial relationships between workers and businesses, lenders and borrowers, and suppliers and end-users for activity to recover once the outbreak fades.
11083 And you throw that on top of a market that's full of anxiety about the potential economic global slowdown due to the virus, which I don't even think we've seen yet, and you end up with a perfect storm. That's what we have in there today.
11084 People were starting to be concerned about their health and the well-being of their families,
11085 Eighty per cent of it is hidden in the roof. So when we take the 1957 renovations back we'll reveal the original,
11086 For all the turmoil and anxiety, both market functioning and financial intermediation more generally proved resilient,
11087 RSS type of communalism,
11088 He has written suicide notes but I think he had no intention of carrying them out,
11089 most critical of Menon's negotiated settlement
11090 It is the only mammal to have been hunted to extinction in India in modern times. Its last sighting is a matter of some conjecture -- one expert believes that it was last seen in 1964 in Chhattisgarh, while another says, it was last seen in 1967 near Hyderabad,
11091 The NCA deliberately ignored the relevant information I voluntarily provided and pursued a groundless and vicious legal action, including making shocking slurs against me, my family and my country,
11092 We have the flexibility to go further if we need to and I think Canadians should feel comforted in that,
11093 That is the time when everyone else capitulates and thinks the world will never come back, that's the time you want to be the buyer, because it will. Stick to your long-term course, and be the buyer when no one else is. If you retain your risk appetite you understand you can still take risk.
11094 We started last week with recreation centres, libraries community centres,
11095 The province approved the funding for our new bus building, which will go at the Allandale (Waterfront) GO Station,
11096 This was a unanimous vote last week with the same material in front of us,
11097 You have a bunch of mortgages,
11098 Buffett figuratively took her [ CEO Vicki Hollub ] to the cleaners. The Buffett deal was like taking candy from a baby and amazingly she even thanked him publicly for it! But you can't blame Warren, if Hollub was arrogant enough to negotiate a deal with Buffett of this magnitude despite her admittedly limited experience in M&A and the Board was misguided enough to rubber stamp it, then one might say in Warren's defense that it was almost his fiduciary duty to Berkshire Hathaway to accept it.
11099 Council as a whole should have received this information when we asked for it,
11100 I can't definitely link them to the blockades because the distribution system is complex. But why are we running out of ketchup in February? What's causing this?
11101 People are home and a lot of people felt food insecure for a while. So it's not just about growing flowers and making things pretty, it's about self-sufficiency.
11102 overly surprised by the panic buying,
11103 The virus itself hasn't affected America as much as China but people believe that it will catch up,
11104 We just don't have time to spend in the kitchen.
11105 If it's happening in the United States, eventually it will come to Canada,
11106 last step to facilitate the Republic expansion.
11107 Last year we just missed out on the top 10 in the elite [ category ],
11108 The economy has been sluggish, slack has been growing, and inflation is below target,
11109 With the relatively limited space to cut Bank Rate, if evidence builds that the weakness in activity could persist, risk management considerations would favor a relatively prompt response,
11110 Turner's art was transformative. I am delighted that the work of arguably the single most influential British artist of all time will now appear on another 2 billion works of art -- the new  20 notes that people can start using today.
11111 It will have real economic effects, but also acting across the world and in a co-ordinated manner with the Government in a way that makes it clear that we are going to bridge a situation, as opposed to allowing it to be turned into something worse.
11112 There is less of a lack of skills, in general,
11113 The idea behind the PEPP was to make liquidity rapidly available, rules were loosened to make sure enough assets were available to buy,
11114 negative rates will send the wrong signal
11115 The spice of life is in taking risks. The desire for security suggests we are still reeling under colonialism preached by the British,
11116 It was a package to move the country from left to right. Here, there is no comprehensive plan. It's a horrendous mixture of state control and privatisation.
11117 And they wanted it to be uploaded to the computer. Somebody came from Rajasthan, Barmer... He said we don't have electricity, how can we upload? So I said upload it on your head and go to the Prime Minister and tell him,
11118 Where is this question of anti-Muslim bill. They have not read it. I don't know what the protest is about.
11119 Even before coronavirus hit us, we needed a 10% + per year growth rate for a decade to wipe out unemployment from the country. Now even if we achieve 10% + per year growth, it will not be enough to wipe out unemployment within the decade,
11120 There is certain evidence that I would have liked to have seen led in this trial but, for a variety of reasons, we were not able to do so. Those facts will see the light but it won't be this day.
11121 Some people are very clearly very anxious to remove me now as a political threat, which is why this is probably not over,
11122 Whatever nightmare I've been in over these last two years is as of nothing compared to the nightmare that every single one of us is currently living through,
11123 It is hard to see how he can continue in his role as dean [ of the Faculty of Advocates ],
11124 very much trapped in the mother of all global financial bubbles.
11125 We're in such extraordinary times. We've never seen a fiscal monetary mix like this. So it argues for some massive blow-off at the top,
11126 With this knowledge, we can work together to reduce the impact of the pandemic on all Australians,
11127 has essentially been a great winner from the last era,
11128 he would have been booed if he said anything much about this and I think he was being very careful not to get booed.
11129 Worst-case scenarios is that we end up like Europe, with a banking system that is moribund -- a lot of the reason why Europe has stagnated.
11130 It's a good first step, but much more will be needed, even with the Fed's recent moves to intervene across private markets,
11131 It's about minimizing the contact between individuals, and at the same time not impeding the flow of goods that is essential for the good of the Canadian economy - as long as it is safe to continue,
11132 In complex manufacturing, companies don't have options, because the supply chain is highly optimized. Many of these components are highly customized in a way that you can't stop on a drop of a coin and switch to another supplier, because you've made a long-term investment with the existing supplier to get the level of customization in your product.
11133 A lot of people have been reluctant to use video conferencing tools in the past; there's always the thinking that it's better to do it in person. But many businesses will now realize they can do much more online than they realize -- because, right now, they have to,
11134 This coronavirus crisis is a huge blow to China's prestige. Ordinary people feel very strongly about the huge damage that has been done to us all as a result of what began in China,
11135 This gets only half the story right. It completely overlooks the other half, which has to do with management of the currency, the role of the state, and promoting new industries.
11136 We have an important window of opportunity,
11137 We just have to bring them together,
11138 Therefore, I can tell you that the markets are, in my view, very well supplied with oil, and as a result of that, we see prices remain at $65 a barrel.
11139 The levels of spending still fall significantly short of what would be needed in the Stated Policies scenario, particularly in the power sector.
11140 Actually the air in an airplane is every bit as clean. And in fact, more so than in, say, a modern office building, because it's actually refreshed much more often,
11141 Clean it up today and I bet next morning it will be the same, make the people that live there clear it.
11142 He said, `Look, my 401 (k) is my retirement. I want it in cash.
11143 People become homeless or are unstably housed, because they can no longer afford housing or cannot find affordable housing right. That's the reason people become homeless.
11144 The MQ-9 RPAS is already a strategic asset for NATO countries, providing mission persistence and interoperability between allies. We showcased MQ-9's maritime surveillance and the civil airspace integration capabilities for our European customers.
11145 There isn't much here. Shouldn't have taken long to negotiate.
11146 Andere Gter, vor allem langlebige Verbrauchsgter wie Autos, werden derzeit aber kaum nachgefragt und drften billiger werden, so lange die Krise anhlt
11147 Emerging supply chain disruptions and the recent tightening in financial conditions will likely add to the growth hit.
11148 Financial planners tell people to have six months of living expenses in an emergency fund. Sadly, many people do not,
11149 a payroll tax cut makes little sense in this circumstance, because it does nothing for those who can't work.... President Trump should shut-the-hell-up.
11150 I continue to believe that a Hispanic from Texas would be optimum. I think Texas is winnable and if it goes blue, the GOP is dead at the presidential level. Put a stake in its heart, Joe.
11151 It really depends, to my mind, on just how much damage is done during the time that the economy is shut down in the way it is now,
11152 It's just conceivable that it could throw the United States into a recession,
11153 but I am worried that the outcome will be worse, and it really depends to my mind on just how much damage is done during the time the economy is shut down in the way it is now.
11154 Only in the extreme case that it involves a systemic problem for the financial system which is highly unlikely to happen.
11155 same generalised anxiety about the future felt by Greta Thunberg and the young people she's inspired to strike for the climate
11156 I have to admit that I am personally not coping well with climate change
11157 The objective is not and cannot be to eliminate the recession altogether,
11158 Why get rid of something that isn't broke,
11159 Are companies willing to borrow and invest on the basis of lower interest rates... Unless we fix the financial system, it's like trying to send water through broken pipes. It's going to leak out all over the place,
11160 Almost every financial crisis has political roots, which no doubt differ in each case but are political nevertheless, for strong political forces are needed to overcome the checks and balances that most industrial countries have established to contain financial exuberance.
11161 for instance lending against high quality collateral to well-managed NBFCs
11162 As quality improves, prices will also be good
11163 COVID-19 [ coronavirus ] is more than just something, and that is something very substantive.
11164 This suggests it's going to be highly disruptive to the economy. A 20 percent decline would not be out of the question... but that still doesn't mean you go out and sell,
11165 While that was still a solid number, it was down from a spending surge of 4.6 percent in the second quarter and 3.2 percent in the third quarter.
11166 anything that rocked our world,
11167 If this is a pandemic and it does come here, I don't see how we avoid a downturn,
11168 The firewall has some cracks, but judging by the February employment gain it should be strong enough to weather most scenarios.
11169 The most straightforward, obvious thing would be a payroll tax holiday,
11170 If it goes to a pandemic, then I think the economy is in recession,
11171 There's nothing in the Great Depression analogous to what we're experiencing now.
11172 The output loss to date because of the shutdowns is already 2.5 times the output lost due to 9/11,
11173 Even Trump used almost word for word what we've been saying all along.
11174 how destructive this has been.
11175 Mr Sachs informed Prime Minister Hun Sen that he is always ready to assist Cambodia for its development in response to the development of the ASEAN market,
11176 In the old days, we talked about rules and regulations,
11177 Output per hour of labor is increasing more slowly in Israel than in developed countries,
11178 The banter, the brotherly love, the games that we play with each other, the personality, that will all be there.
11179 One day I woke up and said, `Gee, since we're forced to be in our home, and my brother can't go anywhere, and my other brother can't go anywhere, do you guys want to help me lead the Seder on the second night of Passover?
11180 We are seeing quite a bit of demand on land,
11181 We do not want to face continued political and economic disintegration. We do not want to reach the tipping point of irreversibility on climate change. And we do not want that the next generation to inherit a world, which becomes ever more hostile and ever less habitable. Just think of the wildfires in Australia,
11182 The social and economic consequences of inequality are profound and far-reaching: a growing sense of unfairness, precarity, perceived loss of identity and dignity, weakening social fabric, eroding trust in institutions, disenchantment with political processes, and an erosion of the social contract,
11183 It's a place where you really can talk to the leaders of governments, business and so on, and you'll find good open ears to listen to you and to act together with you,
11184 They have to actively contribute to a more cohesive and sustainable world,
11185 We will see higher default rates and business failures. It could be like the 1930s.
11186 This crisis is worrisomely similar to the global picture of the Great Depression of the 1930s,
11187 We're likely to be OK for the next year or so,
11188 While it is unfortunate that I was unable to go in person to the ED, our senior authorised representative did attend in person with the requisite information. Needless to say, if in the future any assistance or support to the investigation is requested from us, we will cooperate fully,
11189 This time I'm going to do the half marathon in Mumbai and the full in Tokyo in March. I have my runner's group, where we do speed workouts twice a week. There are about 20 of us who are going to the Tokyo Marathon together. Earlier we used to only do distance [ training ], but now we do speed workouts on a 400-metre track.
11190 Needless to say, if in the future any assistance or support to the investigation is requested from us, we will cooperate fully,
11191 Don't try it at home. That's my advice,
11192 Everybody does various things to be able to save,
11193 If opportunistic behaviours develop, the attitude of people who are naturally respectful of injunctions risks evolving in the wrong direction,
11194 is all because of PTI's gross negligence, mismanagement and sheer incompetence.
11195 The negotiating mandate has not yet been finally adopted. It will very soon. We are ready to start negotiating,
11196 It would enable people to not work, if that's what they need to do. It will prevent some people from not making their rent payments,
11197 I do not expect bond markets to have a problem swallowing this much debt,
11198 Kenya's efforts to replace expensive debt with more affordable sources of financing is encouraging. However, revenue and expenditure measures will need to drive the effort to lower fiscal deficits.
11199 Once you've developed a lifestyle based on a certain income, to say that you could live with 20% less doesn't mean you won't have to give up a lot,
11200 These metro stations will have a reflection of Pune's culture. At the same time, we will ensure that we are sensitive towards environment and the aesthetics,
11201 This removes any excuses for fiscal policymakers to keep inactive,
11202 We go into real recession if the fiscal response is poor or delayed, the uncertainty about U.S. government ability to manage the virus -- to bend the curve -- remains high, and/or the irrelevant-to-the-health-crisis lashing out of the Trump Administration worsens international commerce,
11203 to seriously consider the implications of and their position on legalizing assisted dying
11204 We have 65% of the world's remaining uncultivated arable land. We have an abundance of freshwater and about 300 days of sunshine a year. There's no reason for anyone to go hungry,
11205 Africa is facing enormous fiscal challenges to respond to the coronavirus pandemic effectively. The African Development Bank Group is deploying its full weight of emergency response support to assist Africa at this critical time,
11206 trundle over to Africa and line our pockets
11207 Your hospital gives hope for children... You have been an example for Africa. The African Development Bank looks forward to exploring ways to strengthen our collaboration to support your noble work,
11208 I fear that our economy is becoming less dynamic [ continuously changing and developing ],
11209 The world is getting hotter and climates more variable. And we are seeing that already in Australia, perhaps more than any other place in the world.
11210 As the unemployment rate declines and the labour market tightens, some limited upward pressure on wage outcomes can be expected.
11211 While it's plausible that we can move toward our goals, at least right at the moment the risks have slightly tilted to outweigh the benefits,
11212 very major public health issue
11213 We're in extraordinary times and we're prepared to do whatever is necessary.
11214 I would like to see both business and government use the opportunity to make investments,
11215 Inventing a fake game of human chess for Hunters is not only dangerous foolishness & caricature. It also welcomes future deniers. We honour the victims by preserving factual accuracy.
11216 like, `you have Al Pacino in your show?! What the f ***?! '
11217 tell stories about the Holocaust that are not documentary,
11218 I was Tevye in `Fiddler on the Roof' in sleepaway camp and middle school. But I was always a writer first -- stories, plays, screenplays. Acting was just a way to get involved,
11219 mistakes of its financial arm, the Federal Reserve system
11220 Researchers have studied a stark change, the day after daylight saving time, or a week after, but what is so much harder to study is the entire summer or winter,
11221 that `we can compete against the best in the world, but we can't compete against the central bank of Japan.
11222 I hope to contribute intellectual diversity as a Governor and would work collegially to promote sound money and sound finances,
11223 heterodox views on policy issues including central-bank independence, interest rates and the gold standard
11224 There'll be no shortage of customers. We just need an investor: we have a construction gang and a building site in Mariupol -- we can build a house for free, then sell it and split the profit with the investor.
11225 While growth in the fourth quarter is expected to have picked up, electricity supply constraints will likely keep economic activity muted in the near term. Public sector investment continues to be weak and export growth remains lacklustre, despite strong terms of trade. Government and household consumption, and private investment, continue to grow, albeit modestly.
11226 captures the globalization of music
11227 everyone in this room is a value add,
11228 I think the more attention we give to fringe candidates, the more power we give to them,
11229 She provided us with a number of people and profiles that maybe she knew of and then we helped her approach them to, effectively, licence their photos and also let them know the upside and downside of the fact that their photos are being used.
11230 What an opportunity for the government to wiggle out of a silly commitment to make a surplus no matter what,
11231 She said sometimes it can be hard to get things like this to the right person,
11232 The value added is huge.
11233 The amounts don't need to be exact,
11234 If major players like Singapore do not wean themselves away from fossil fuel-based growth, climate change will accelerate and there will no longer be any growth.
11235 So when a woman advocates for herself, people often see her unfavorably.
11236 I don't want to pressure him so I'm trying to be chill about it
11237 Facebook is honored to be a part of the project and help tell the story of the millions of women, men and children murdered by the Nazis and those who were complicit in their murder. They deserve to be remembered so this never happens again.
11238 You know, I miss Dave still. But I know I don't have any choice other than to keep going,
11239 It's like we want Prince Charming on a white horse. We're taught gender stereotypes: Men are supposed to sweep us off our feet... But Prince Charming has no horse. We need to walk into our futures on our own two feet.
11240 Under normal circumstances, the two-week delay in agreeing on a response would not be a big deal,
11241 the adverse market reaction may not be just a market verdict on the ECB's package... It could also reflect a growing realization that monetary and fiscal policy cannot be the genuine circuit breakers in a medical emergency.
11242 Solid gains in real disposable incomes and still elevated levels of consumer confidence suggest that the data will either be revised up for late 2019 or show a significant snapback for early 2020,
11243 Gutting the oilfield service sector will deplete the labor pool by thousands of jobs and make it doubly hard for an already hobbling industry to recover after the chaos ends,
11244 know their limits and work around them
11245 Nike as a shoe brand, for 30-40 years sold to retailers and and then the retailers sold to consumers. Last year in November, Nike made a very big shift. They started to sell directly through Nike. The reason why you do that is because you learn from consumers all the time and you collect first-party data. The other example is Mars Petcare. At great expense, they invested in veterinarians because they didn't have another way. People would not be buying pet food anywhere else but the grocery store because of convenience. So the other way for them to connect and establish a relationship with consumers was through these veterinarians.
11246 state capitalism with a human face
11247 We will monitor availability [ of all necessary goods and devices ] online, and for this purpose we are creating a single information center where all the information will be collected for each region,
11248 The president wants the Cabinet to spearhead economic growth and help create new jobs,
11249 Government signals about the unacceptability of such measures were heard, and over the weekend the situation improved. However, I want to tell regional leaders again: do not confuse regional powers with federal powers.
11250 little known political figure in Russia... a bureaucrat, someone to get the job done.
11251 The extent of that shock still needs to be assessed, but it could provide the spark for an arguably long-overdue adjustment in the capital markets.
11252 What matters most isn't what the Fed has done today, but what actions it signals for the future. A strong commitment by Fed officials to do whatever is needed to accommodate dollar demand, and thereby prevent any persistent decline in overall spending, will ultimately help allay panic more than any single rate cut can.
11253 Workplaces, even those deemed `essential' , should be doing all they can to ensure that their workers are able to work from home or, if they do have to attend work, that they can undertake social distancing.
11254 Like so many I'm sure right now, I have just been feeling really overwhelmed and scared and life is chaotic, so I was just thinking what I could do to help the nurses and doctors. I know they are so overwhelmed and I thought `What is something I can do?' It started with the Chick-fil-a points. We started asking just our staff at church, and then it ran to just our team members and then it just expanded from there and blew up on social media because everybody is looking for a way to help right now,
11255 You can relax, knowing that you'll still be able to wipe your bum.
11256 ... you run out for toilet paper not because you fear society is about to crumble but because you fear others fear this... Fear of a run on toilet paper, like a run on banks, creates an actual run.
11257 [ The deal ] hardly addresses in any substantive way the fundamental sources of trade and economic tensions between the two sides, which will continue to fester.
11258 eliminating the option of an export-driven recovery,
11259 As such, we are delighted to introduce the product our Manchester route. With Qsuite, we have redefined business and luxury travel and we are thrilled to offer our loyal customers this unique product, which is unlike anything they would have experience before.
11260 generous incentives to build an abuse case against the Canadian -- -- Cartier jewellery, a regular salary or a year's rent in a gated community
11261 I vehemently deny these allegations as I have never associated with these two persons,
11262 If the participation rate remained as low today as it was four or six years ago, wages probably would have inched up a little faster,
11263 The London G20 Summit of 2009 agreed a $1tn ( 800bn) package of international cooperation, even Germany joined in. But now there is no leadership in the G20, and the USA is absent from the international scene.
11264 The reality is that you cannot continually go strong,
11265 a perpetual injunction restraining the defendant, his servant, agents, privies and assigns whatsoever from interfering with plaintiff's fundamental human rights
11266 How to solve the skyrocketing costs of college tuition
11267 However, we must understand that abiding to legal institutional roles and responsibilities is key to building a truly democratic state.
11268 Secondly, we must also not forget that apart from CPEC we also have a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) with China, under which some 313 priority based items that Pakistan exports would be zero rated, whereas the rest of items will become zero rated in the coming 10 years,
11269 It is fascinating to see young Pakistani entrepreneurs with such amazing skills, we hope that they will take up the global stage and represent the country's tech talent there,
11270 Should EU countries also adopt a high carbon tax, we would likely see huge carbon emission reductions throughout the Continent, as we've seen in Great Britain over the last few years.
11271 Should you buy stocks today, or should you be selling stocks today?
11272 The economy was strong coming into this, and what we're doing now is shutting down parts of the economy for the sake of public health,
11273 The labour market data are telling us more than the GDP data,
11274 The Canadian outlook is clearly weaker now than it was at the end of January,
11275 However, the outbreak and its effects could be more persistent. Consumer and business confidence could be set back for a longer period of time, causing economic growth to slow more persistently. This could include longer-term layoffs, for example. At this point, we simply do not know.
11276 indispensable for our modern way of life,
11277 it seems to be functioning well so far
11278 The relative under performance of the Canadian stock market reflects our out-sized representation of the energy sector. The two weakest sectors in the TSX are the energy and financial sectors,
11279 Who knows? Who decides? Who decides who decides?
11280 In supporting countries to build circularity into their economies, PACE can play a powerful role in advancing the climate, biodiversity and resource efficiency agendas with both scale and speed.
11281 It really could be the worst jobs report we've ever seen in our history.
11282 Manmohan Singh recognised the importance of encouraging free expression of views and descent in a liberal democracy. We are now about to go through a different experience with a government enjoying a strong majority and also one which was expected to rely on much greater centralisation of power in the PMO,
11283 I was part of the PM's delegation in New York and my brother Sanjeev, who had retired from the IAS, telephoned to say he had written a piece that was very critical of the PM. He had emailed it to me and said he hoped I didn't find it embarrassing,
11284 The FBR will abolish taxes on the import of cooking oil, sugar and pulses.
11285 I want to tell you that taxes in the first seven months, the target was around 2,200 [ billion ] and we achieved around 2,100,
11286 We as a country have been unsuccessful in solving this problem and what manifests this is the circular debt.
11287 We need to get these supplies that teachers need in their hands,
11288 federal policymakers absolutely need to do more.
11289 Those things don't have to happen,
11290 It just comes down to the fact that in the United States there's still a lot of occupational segregation by race and ethnicity,
11291 We know the economy is not always going to be this good. We need a structure that will deliver decent wages,
11292 Now that everyone is working at home...
11293 He's a newcomer here but he's been well received. We're very excited and business is picking up every day. He's opened some eyes with a couple of his rides already, so we'll see what happens moving forward.
11294 propelled Platreef's metals price basket to a new, all-time high
11295 The government insists that all is on track, but we all suspect not,
11296 With the help of innovation and new technologies, economic growth in America and other rich countries -- growth in all of the wants and needs that we spend money on -- has become decoupled from resource consumption,
11297 I missed that. I'm homesick.
11298 if we ripped up all the railways in 1890, gross national product [ similar to GDP ] would have been reduced by around 6%,
11299 If your money was deposited in something and you saw it losing, for sure, all te time, it would just be painful,
11300 This is a big opportunity for him. It shows that Jamaica's footballers are now getting opportunities in big European leagues with big clubs.
11301 Thousand-dollar checks to everybody isn't really a good idea, it's just the simplest thing to do.
11302 He fought for the rights of all people, for people of all marginalized identities and that just kind of aligns with my mission,
11303 Much has been written and much has been said about this. Much needs to be done now.
11304 With both India and Japan as full partners in the BRI, such a pan-Asian grouping could once again recreate a bipolar global order which remains essential to the peace and prosperity of the 21st century.
11305 the definition of a pessimist is a well-informed optimist
11306 The science and economics are clear,
11307 This is about giving back in to the club, we are a Blackburn Rovers fanzine produced by people who support the club and while we challenge the club on certain things, as fans we want the best for the club,
11308 This is the year these lying right-wing scumbags like [ X, Y and Z ] learn to regret ever placing my name in their Herpes-ridden mouths.
11309 What we have in place now is to quarantine basically the entire country for another month. And then, we're not going to be in another position then than we are today,
11310 ! I think you are well orchestrating the compulsion of history and demand of destiny that we and India be the best of friends, joined at the hip and yet as family, free hearts and minds to love across a spectrum of emotions, but always together,
11311 a big investor in Ripple Labs.
11312 No ice. No skating,
11313 Something that people are realizing as they consider the prospect of a more widespread outbreak is the extent to which they rely on immediacy today,
11314 Therefore, we must be prepared from now,
11315 Very sad news -- I recall when Andy joined @UniStrathclyde in 1989 -- for many of us who were in the early years of our academic career the macroeconomics workshops held between our two Economics Depts by Andy and other senior colleagues were formative and inspiring.
11316 Whilst there are many challenges with the evolution of AFVs, there are a host of new powertrains and models entering the market that offer businesses the opportunity to reduce their carbon and pollutant footprints.
11317 and the political support that the provision of these services can command, may depend crucially on the participation of a large part of the population in the benefits of public provisioning
11318 It (consideration for citizenship) has to be independent, of religion but take cognisance of the sufferings and other issues into account,
11319 I knew the only way this joke was really going to work is if I was massive because the bigger he was or the more capable he was of being a beast in the field, the funnier -- I thought -- that he was in the van,
11320 If you were going to pick one place to win the battle, that's it,
11321 is really much closer to a major snowstorm or a natural disaster than it is to a classic 1930s-style depression.
11322 It can be extremely hard to find an appropriate comparison group, especially when you're looking at extremes, such as these very sick, high cost patients. And this is why you do randomized control trials to ensure a proper comparison group,
11323 We're trying to coordinate with other services that might come into play in the very near future. We don't want to duplicate services. We want to work in the gaps, where people don't have services, we want to work there.
11324 Men and women like my son are what makes America, and the world, great.
11325 People come to believe whatever they must believe when they must believe it.
11326 the company is presumed to have done more harm.
11327 These foods, many from animal sources, are vital for the healthy growth of young children, especially those who already have poor quality diets. So, it is vital that their production can be undertaken in a way that respects planetary environmental boundaries. This Coalition promises to be a valuable addition to our collective efforts to square this circle.
11328 Until we can restore people's confidence that we have the virus under control... it's difficult for me to imagine that economic activity will return to normal.
11329 Credibility is hard to gain, but it is easily lost. To be maintained, it requires continuous vigilance. If lost, it can be regained only at high costs to society,
11330 We do appreciate that there is an element of change for some fans as we reorganise where groups are based within the layout of the stadium and thank them for their co-operation. Families who move to the Sir Alex Ferguson Stand will hopefully enjoy the view from their new seats in what is a premium part of the stadium.
11331 We have also submitted a proposal to the local authority to trial a rail seating area within the stadium. Our belief is that the introduction of rail seating would enhance spectator safety in areas of the stadium where, as with other clubs, we have seen examples of persistent standing.
11332 We need to see what happens tomorrow, which is going to be very telling,
11333 We shouldn't be focusing solely on the numbers. It's clear that growth will enter negative territory. We should be looking at the bigger picture. This isn't a typical recession rooted in endogenous macroeconomic factors. It's a slowdown in activity caused by an external shock. From an economic standpoint, our real priority should be to minimize the long-term consequences.
11334 Hang on to your gold or fixed income instruments or dividend-paying stocks which have low debt; these would be good bets,
11335 Everyone is waiting for stability in stock prices,
11336 It is normal practice in professional bodies for a suspension to take effect during a period of remedial training, even after an apology has been offered,
11337 like a tribute to a foreign power, but we're doing it to ourselves.
11338 The election of Donald Trump is understandable in the circumstances, but it is a gesture of frustration and rage that will make things worse, not better. Working-class whites do not believe that democracy can help them; in 2016, more than two-thirds of white working-class Americans believed that elections are controlled by the rich and by big corporations, so that it does not matter if they vote.
11339 Environmentalism is a strange term. I think it is really about rediscovering your humanity and how your humanity relates to life
11340 General Motors once purchased car bodies from an independent supplier, Fisher Body; it then acquired Fisher Body and made these components internally.
11341 It is a fine line between aggressively proactive and being perceived as reckless,
11342 The problems [ between 2008 and now ] are fundamentally different,
11343 They are living in anxiety and are suffering deep economic hardship.
11344 What's really critical is that this moment be used to expand our unemployment insurance system,
11345 I am not happy with the pace at which the Ministry [ of Works and Transport ] is moving in identifying a firm for us to engage in this [ recruitment ] process,
11346 If we had national daily reporting, inpatient admissions and ICU admissions, that would be a great boost for understanding where the next big wave is coming or where we're really seeing progress.
11347 In district 3, statistics show that there is an eviction every other day.
11348 Their share of this tax will seem like a big number to the corporate media,
11349 We're in the midst of an unprecedented historic crisis in the coronavirus pandemic,
11350 It's a hospital in the area. Where do you expect the patient to be treated at?
11351 precautionary measures for us to be taking so we can complete our work through the duration of session.
11352 This is the new economy in action,
11353 It is really important that we are prepared and so that, in the case, there is an issue with the virus, that we are ready to handle it as we would any other issue.
11354 This shock is very big,
11355 leadership makes the greatest difference when the world around us is uncertain, when we are unsure about what lies ahead,
11356 Most Chinese physicians have weakened professional medical ethics and, as a result, patients have lost their trust and respect for physicians,
11357 So we're reducing the number of calls that we respond to. And when we do respond, we'll ask the public to step out if that's appropriate. But in some examples we do have to make physical arrests. When we do, we'll put on the appropriate equipment to do so and we're also decontaminating our vehicles after transport.
11358 That was the first time when music gave me what I wanted. Now, when I mingle my love for markets with music, I feel positive,
11359 The same policy choice that helps the central bank attain its inflation target in the short run may be making it more difficult to attain its target in the longer run.
11360 The U.S. economy is doing well, with low unemployment and rising wages that have drawn people off the sidelines and back into the labor force,
11361 significant changes to tax and spending policies.
11362 To put that in context, that [ levels of over 6% ] is comparable with NPLs the European banks were nursing post the European sovereign crisis in 2014,
11363 What I don't know is whether our politics is capable of fixing that.
11364 long-term losses of human capital.
11365 Our team worked throughout the Easter weekend buying produce and then selling them to the market vendors inside the Suva lockdown area.
11366 It's the aim of our Government to help people in rural and maritime villages,
11367 The Kremlin has decided to sacrifice OPEC + to stop U.S. shale producers and punish the U.S. for messing with Nord Stream 2. Of course, to upset Saudi Arabia could be a risky thing, but this is Russia's strategy at the moment -- flexible geometry of interests.
11368 What we don't know yet is whether we'll be able to bounce back quickly or whether it will linger on for a decade or more.... The greater extent that we can keep workers attached to their firms and keep the firms afloat, the more likely it is it will bounce back quickly.
11369 While it is tempting to blame much of the recent slowdown on the U.S.-China trade war, the decade-long deceleration is the result of both structural and cyclical factors,
11370 Worse, a significant share of stressed debt in the region is held by energy, industrial, and utility companies, all of which are directly affected by recent output and oil-price declines.
11371 Build the damn housing,
11372 It's way too soon to be calling for last rites for the economy because we still have to see where the patient is at,
11373 describes a team climate characterized by interpersonal trust and mutual respect in which people are comfortable being themselves.
11374 For what else can be made of a plan that emphasizes that the Palestinian leadership did not reject Rabin's vision at the time?
11375 I can think of one or two students... in my required first-year course.
11376 Nationally, 50 percent of Lime customers have a payback length of one year or less and 80 percent have a payback of less than two years.
11377 Policies put in place to respond to the crisis must be in collaboration with them; we must be firm and clear on good governance to safeguard our health systems, ensure proper use of emergency funds, prevent our businesses from collapse, and reduce worker lay-offs.
11378 sharpening our focus on the metrics and milestones against which capital allocation is determined.
11379 We just don't have these user interfaces. There's a whole code behind everything and that's what I strive our students to learn how to do.
11380 Think about in the hospitals, all that equipment, everything there's a program running behind it. You look in the manufacturing plants, we live in Detroit, the assembly line. There's a program behind it,
11381 there's no future in rural poverty,
11382 has improved our understanding of the underlying sources of growth.
11383 In addition to bold national actions, deeper international cooperation is the most effective vaccine against this virulent threat. Countries in East Asia and the Pacific and elsewhere must fight this disease together, keep trade open and coordinate macroeconomic policy,
11384 The coronavirus is proving to be a significant shock to our economies. Banks need to be in a position to continue financing households and corporates experiencing temporary difficulties. The supervisory measures agreed today aim to support banks in serving the economy and addressing operational challenges, including the pressure on their staff,
11385 The really important question is, is there scope for a deal at all?
11386 We are also in a world of structurally low interest rates,
11387 The EU and China both recognise that research and innovation are vital to ensure our future prosperity and to tackle global challenges. Together, we can do this better. That is why we want to step up our cooperation in research and innovation in areas of mutual interest, based on fair framework conditions in the spirit of reciprocity
11388 The slowdown in India is related to a credit squeeze, which is a cyclical problem-not a structural problem... As a result, India will struggle to make a GDP growth rate of 5 per cent in 2020,
11389 They were just trans-shipping through Germany, and they got caught up in this,
11390 front and center for all games home and away. He cheers, he leads the famous `Roller Clap.' He is an example of community spirit.
11391 If one goes through enough numbers, one will eventually come upon some statistics that seem to fit one's vision,
11392 Of course, one can also create a new institution if that is what the member states want. It would take one, two or three years, and member states have to come up with capital or guarantees, or assign future revenue.
11393 A U.S. economy heavily reliant on vital medicines and their ingredients from an increasingly hostile and secretive China is a devastating indictment of pre-Trump national security and public health policy,
11394 the most filthy manufacturing processes imaginable
11395 And not all of their ideas, in my mind, are completely sane and would make sense for college athletics.
11396 increas [ ing ] efforts to heighten public awareness of the hard-won insights from the natural sciences.
11397 This would be a way to release more liquidity into the system. Another cut is not impossible. Why they want to tighten at this point of time when the economy is not so good. It will worsen the situation,
11398 I am socially isolating because I lost my regular shift at my ongoing job. I have a car, I don't have dependants, I have a fully stocked fridge. I am good to go in terms of helping. It seemed something I morally should do.
11399 So what I want to put on the table at this stage, and I hope it's acceptable, is to move the funds rate down 25 basis points... continue to imply that the risks of igniting inflation are very low.
11400 The only thing to do is how we can help workers to keep up.
11401 To make these animals suffer the way they do in these small cages and I mean -- basically, it's horrific.
11402 True, but it creates not only negative but also positive externalities. The net effect varies across firms.
11403 almost always the takeovers resulted in large layoffs, reduced wages and overhead, and the sales of subsidiaries,
11404 Government should also actively seek to restore wetlands that have been lost.
11405 This virus hasn't gone away, it's not going away any time soon. If we were to relax those measures at this time this virus would come back and we would end up being overwhelmed with the impact that it would have.
11406 I think it is quite possible that the economy's growth rate for the full year will be substantially lower,
11407 inadequate in scale and reach.
11408 We should have done something in early January, but for two-and-a-half months we were in self denial,
11409 Coding stuff, even small things, can help you automate stuff for data processing, different projects at school (and) a lot of applications. Hopefully it becomes useful and maybe (turns into) a career.
11410 And we can strive to be a lot more if we get generations to start coding here.
11411 One day someone posted on social media that they are dropping the kid off at a coder school in Atlanta and we thought what is this? We were really intrigued,
11412 Emerging markets and low-income nations -- across Africa, Latin America, and much of Asia -- are at high risk,
11413 We had a downgrade in one large market -- India -- but we believe that's temporary. We expect momentum to improve further going ahead,
11414 We know that the disease is spreading quickly. With over one-third of our membership affected directly, this is no longer a regional issue -- it is a global problem calling for a global response. We also know that it will eventually retreat, but we don't know how fast this will happen.
11415 In the end, our answers to this crisis will not come from one method, one region, or one country in isolation,
11416 WHO is there to protect the health of people, and the IMF, to protect the health of the economy. Saving lives and protecting livelihoods ought to go hand in hand.
11417 Emerging markets are the main focus of attention.
11418 We do need to have measures that are bringing a sense of confidence,
11419 Toward this end, I am proud that an exceptional and diverse group of eminent individuals with high-level policy, market, and private sector experience has agreed to serve on my External Advisory Group. Today we had a dynamic discussion to gain their insights, and to receive informal reactions to our ideas and approaches.
11420 is emerging consensus that existing SDRs could be used
11421 After several years at last this event will be organized on African soil,
11422 For China, the Year of the Rat has begun with a challenging start as the country is battling the coronavirus outbreak. On behalf of all IMF members, employees, and management, I would like to express our deep sympathies to those affected by the serious situation related to the coronavirus,
11423 to help us replenish the Trust's resources and boost further our ability to provide additional debt service relief for a full two years to our poorest member countries.
11424 is a crisis like no other
11425 Although the greatest health impact has been in advanced economies, emerging market and developing countries, especially low-income countries, will be particularly hard hit by a combination of a health crisis, a sudden reversal of capital flows and, for some, a sharp drop in commodity prices,
11426 The CCRT can provide about $500 million in grant-based debt service relief, including the recent $185 million pledge by the United Kingdom and $100 million provided by Japan as immediately available resources,
11427 Take the case of women entrepreneurs, especially in SMEs. It is now categorically prover that women are better entrepreneurs than men,
11428 It is tough as it is. Let's not make it any tougher... My advice would be to seek ways in which this element of uncertainty is reduced in the interests of everybody, of the UK, of the EU, the whole world
11429 most effective when done cooperatively.
11430 We expect momentum to improve (in India) further going ahead,
11431 The beginning of this decade (has been) eerily reminiscent of the 1920s -- high inequality, rapid spread of technology and huge risks and rewards in finance,
11432 To get to [ the recovery ] it is paramount to prioritise containment and strengthen health systems everywhere. The economic impact will be severe but the faster the virus stops the quicker and stronger the recovery will be.
11433 For some people, [ using ROBS ] delays a sedentary retirement, but other people may lose a lot of capital,
11434 Northern Ireland remains in the containment phase and it is important to emphasise that,
11435 The problem is not just race. It is racism.
11436 Health care workers who have had close contact with a confirmed case of Covid-19 and have not developed symptoms, and are deemed to be essential workers, may work, provided they observe strict adherence to infection prevention and control precautions, and undergo twice daily active monitoring by occupational health, for 14 days after contact with a confirmed case of Covid-19.
11437 It was a tough night to go down that way, and we had our chances, but credit to Edinburgh, they executed their game plan from the start of the game until the end. We played good defense the entire night, our defense was not an issue. We just didn't execute well on the offensive end.
11438 how we'll beat this virus
11439 We can move from 70 to 30 to 10 homicides by scaling up the work and shifting our investments into jobs, housing and healing services.
11440 There is no point looking back in the next two weeks and saying' I wish we had done more' ,
11441 Since it is already March, these factors could easily affect the second quarter,
11442 designed to expand or not,
11443 I suspect he's going to leave it for his replacement, whoever that is.
11444 In this case, the central bank would provide collateralized funding at a subsidized rate as long as banks met specified lending objectives.
11445 Since receiving treatment I have been able to sleep. I have been able to return to playing sport and most importantly I have = been able to enjoy family activities and interact with my daughter the way a parent should without the restriction of so much pain.
11446 secret union with [ herself ].
11447 However, with this growing platform, we can help the NHS even more. Therefore, as entry to this quiz, I ask that you donate  2 ( 2 is the minimum donation amount on JustGiving) and all proceeds will be donated to the NHS to help in this difficult time.
11448 we have taken steps to protect the portfolio from downward market volatility,
11449 can be reopened carefully as China has so far successfully done
11450 a cloud of uncertainty will hang heavily over the U.S. economy throughout the year
11451 Not only are we seeing big layoffs but obviously no one's hiring at this point,
11452 Unemployment is low, but will begin to rise if job growth slows much further,
11453 That would probably be half the impact of the 737 Max,
11454 We all pay payroll taxes. We could not pay them for awhile, [ and ] that would be a cash infusion, particularly to low-middle income households, and they would spend that very quickly.
11455 will be sustained over two more months.
11456 This is a natural disaster. There's nothing in the Great Depression that is analogous to what we're experiencing now.
11457 In the past, sometimes it worked and sometimes it doesn't,
11458 The 2019-nCoV pandemic has suddenly become a serious threat to the Chinese, global and US economies. How serious is difficult to gauge given large unknowns as to how widespread and virulent the virus will be,
11459 A lot of analysis has gone by the wayside by institutions that have a lot of pressure to put capital to work,
11460 Well, actually, I didn't do this. I didn't mean that.
11461 Can you try to be sexier? Maybe more likable this time?
11462 Hardworking mothers, clothing, feeding and protecting. Committed to motherhood. In the background. And then a man simply picks up a kid and is APPLAUDED for it. Taylor is pointing out the glaring double standards to parenthood. I'm SCREAMING,
11463 I thought it was normal to feel like you're going to pass out afterward,
11464 Even when people and organizations do identical amounts of harm to the world, organizations are perceived as being more unethical than individuals,
11465 He was really almost behind the scenes making sure it actually worked.
11466 This is like a hurricane happening everywhere simultaneously for months and months on end,
11467 If we'd had paid leave going into this, we'd be less concerned about the spread of the virus and less concerned about its impact on families,
11468 I was planning to deliver a lecture on economy and link it with fascism,
11469 I would never, under any circumstances, be touching (the complainer) inappropriately.
11470 I didn't really have time to stop and think about it. I had work to do
11471 spoke to each other as friends and allies
11472 which places everything else in proportion
11473 There was no indication to me that it was wrong. She told me not to be daft.
11474 They're deliberate fabrications for political purposes.
11475 He'll certainly re-join the party and will want to stand in the Holyrood elections next year. I don't think he'll make a play to be first minister but I do think he will try to complicate Nicola's efforts to carry on.
11476 But I'm of the opinion, for a variety of reasons, that events are being reinterpreted and exaggerated out of all possible proportion.
11477 I felt like every time I managed to get a hand off, another hand would appear. He was very persistent and I felt like I was wrestling with an octopus. It just felt like hands, another hand, coming on to my wrist.
11478 It contains a risk of a backlash in popular opinion in Southern Europe against the North which could significantly complicate future cooperation within the EU-Eurozone.
11479 Of course, a hypothetical central bank promise to buy almost unlimited amounts of equities and thus turn itself into a potential majority owner of a country's productive capital could end the equity selloff. But we do not expect policy makers to go for this hypothetical variant of `whatever it takes' ,
11480 goes beyond the disruptions we had anticipated.
11481 On the positive side, the industry is battle-hardened,
11482 When the price of oil was in the mid-US $50 range, you had a lot of companies just sort of stumbling along,
11483 T he value of individual responsibility -- which conservatives rightly prize and which everybody else should prize more -- it just doesn't apply now,
11484 All Americans should demand that the coronavirus outbreak be regarded by Washington as the most urgent possible wake-up call,
11485 [ Existing U.S. tariffs target ] the most important goods that we import from China, because they're the high-value manufactured goods. They're the products that have been benefiting from the combination of Chinese intellectual property theft, technology extortion, and illegal state subsidies.
11486 The African Development Bank's  20 million Partial Risk Guarantee essentially backstopped the government of Kenya's obligations to developers against delays in the construction of transmission lines,
11487 Either the cup is half full or half empty. To us, that is a $68 - $108 billion opportunity.
11488 With institutional investors holding  8-trillion of assets under management in the UK, and only 1% of that going to Africa, it is time to change the trend,
11489 Africa is facing enormous fiscal challenges to respond to the coronavirus pandemic effectively. The African Development Bank Group is deploying its full weight of emergency response support to assist Africa at this critical time. We must protect lives. This Facility will help African countries to fast-track their efforts to contain the rapid spread of COVID-19,
11490 I always hesitate when people try to blame Africa for what others are still doing,
11491 Either the cup is half empty or half full. To us, that is a $68-billion to $108-billion opportunity.
11492 Very early days to judge economic impact of coronavirus.
11493 we are seeing a fundamental reshaping of the financial system
11494 We need fifty shades of green to catalyse and support all companies toward net zero,
11495 It ought to be in every company and stakeholder's interest to make sure that the planet they live on will thrive,
11496 sides with Greta Thunberg against Trump over climate
11497 It also has the potential to allow households and businesses to make fast, efficient and reliable payments, and to benefit from an innovative, competitive and inclusive payment system.
11498 We can't dodge that.
11499 Will reinvest 17.5 billion GBP of proceeds from maturing March 2020 gilt purchase.
11500 we should be providing some stimulus to bring UK economy back to trend rate of growth,
11501 In my view, these should be resisted,
11502 This is a big package.
11503 We are leaning into our ability to make movies very efficiently through a kind of hybrid between TV and film,
11504 We are ready to restart the training when the situation on the ground makes that possible.
11505 Today allied ministers reaffirmed our support to Iraq and agreed in principle to enhance NATO's training mission,
11506 best way is to enable local forces to fight terrorism themselves
11507 At our meeting today, Allies called for restraint and de-escalation. A new conflict would be in no-one's interest, so Iran must refrain from further violence and provocations.
11508 The government of Iraq has confirmed to us their desire for continuation of the NATO training, advising and capacity-building activities for the Iraqi armed forces,
11509 Women are working where jobs are growing,
11510 Economists weigh in on what to watch.
11511 People aren't able to go to work and we're trying to figure out who's going to be easily recalled and who's going to be able to financially make it until they're recalled.
11512 It is quite possible they will have to process 1 million [ claims ] a week, but they are not staffed up to process that,
11513 Every carmaker? Every region in the world? I don't think that has ever happened.
11514 where the whole country came to a halt for a few months.
11515 I suppose we must prepare ourselves for an attack by government ministers on the IMF and Dr Gita Gopinath,
11516 policymakers will need to implement substantial targeted fiscal, monetary, and financial market measures to help affected households and businesses.
11517 Countries need to co-operate on multiple fronts to lift growth and spread prosperity... They must adopt strategies to limit the rise in global temperatures and the severe consequences of weather-related natural disasters.
11518 Global growth, estimated at 2.9 per cent in 2019, is projected to increase to 3.3 per cent in 2020 and inch up further to 3.4 per cent in 2021,
11519 Looking at some of the high frequency indicators, we are not seeing the kind of uptick we projected,
11520 This crisis is like no other,
11521 I can see people very easily switching from paying in cash to paying using a digital payment platform. But whether they will as easily switch from the dollar to the renminbi that is a completely different question,
11522 This week and next week is going to be very crucial for determining how successful the world has been containing the virus and implications of that,
11523 of national and international distinction
11524 We recognize that to be able to achieve the level of excellence that we aspire... we need to have a commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion,
11525 Putin could still change his mind,
11526 Teams across our company are working every day to help businesses
11527 We decided to get married together, we picked out a ring together, we picked out a weekend together,
11528 We tell them, `You're not going to get sick, and we're young. If we get it, we're going to be OK, but a lot of other people aren't, and we have a responsibility to stop the spread of this disease. That means you eliminate any contact you can eliminate. '
11529 The UK is a world leader in both innovation and creativity. That's why I'm excited that we plan to hire an additional 1,000 people in London this year alone. London is home to Facebook's biggest engineering hub outside the US and we're committed to investing here for the long-term.
11530 The mobility rate has been very low as many have opted to stay put for longer,
11531 Still, national median home price growth is in no danger of falling due to inventory shortages and will rise by four percent. The new home construction market also looks brighter, with housing starts and new home sales set to rise six percent and 10 percent, respectively.
11532 February's sales of over five million homes were the strongest since February 2007,
11533 not reflective of the current turmoil
11534 It is challenging -- especially for those potential buyers -- where we have a good economy, low-interest rates and a soaring stock market, yet are finding very few homes available for sale,
11535 Mortgage rates have helped with affordability, but it is supply conditions that are driving price growth,
11536 the nail in the coffin for the current era of globalization
11537 There are proposals to use the European Stability Mechanism or the European Investment Bank. The issuance of one-off `corona bonds' would also be conceivable. It is up to politicians to decide,
11538 In a matter of days, the pandemic reversed the previous easing in financial conditions that was consistent with a return of inflation to our medium-term aim,
11539 Transparent and honest entrepreneurs should not be suspicious, and we have wanted to move together with those entrepreneurs. In the act of revenue leakage there is fine of Rs 5 million and jail for three years.
11540 And I think that's so cool, that a republican governor wanted to do whatever he could to work with a democratic governor in Cuomo. And in this time, this transcends politics and brings everything together,
11541 Even at Harvard there were jokes about Jews and ovens,
11542 One of the things that the show is really about, is preventing something like the Holocaust from happening ever again,
11543 It was amazing sitting in those rooms, listening to the questions that came up, a lot of which were, `How do we show the other side? How do we give voice to...? '
11544 She thought it was a bold and dangerous piece and she loved it. She saw what the piece was about and how timely it was and how confrontational it was in all the right ways.
11545 You think he's Shylock Holmes, Jew Detective?
11546 My grandmother was a Holocaust survivor and she told me about her experiences during the war,
11547 like the stuff of comic books and superheroes,
11548 Every time guns go off in Africa it is the girl child who suffers and stops going to school. Women die in their numbers and conflict-related sexual abuses go up,
11549 Africa may lose half of its GDP with growth falling from 3.2 per cent to about 2 per cent due to a number of reasons which include the disruption of global supply chains,
11550 This will enable countries to focus on prevention as much as possible and start building curative facilities. Support should be provided to WHO and CDC Africa with funds channeled through the Global Fund, GAVI and others,
11551 However, for legal reasons, we have no option but to seek to protect our interests, dispel the ongoing confusion and avoid any potential damage to our reputation. We are hopeful this can be easily resolved with a name change. Any continued usage by the Blockchain will only evidence an intentionally predatory, misleading and fraudulent strategy.
11552 We could see very attractive revenue and cash flow from gold mining stocks this quarter,
11553 In other cultures, they would have the dignity to resign or worse,
11554 So, the banks went out and loaned money against a lot of shopping malls, office buildings, hotels and retail. It's all credible institutions doing it again.
11555 You shouldn't take much from that. They're just saying with the coronavirus and all that going on, they don't want to go on a roadshow now to go visit people all over the country to talk about the deal when everyone understands the deal already. This is a great deal.
11556 destroyed over $30 billion in stockholder value,
11557 Once we know a high school student's GPA, one standardized test score is irrelevant,
11558 People have said things like `discrimination reduces wages by X amount,' but no one has tried to add up the effects and find out the aggregate consequences of these problems in the labor market.
11559 Sen. Kennedy and I said, `We'll do that,' and Sen. Barrasso said, `No, thank you,
11560 She's been their representative for a long time and that's her state, just like I certainly look out for Delaware,
11561 There is a big gap. And the question is how do we narrow that gap?
11562 There's quite a bit of concern in the oil areas of the country, particularly parts of Texas, Oklahoma, parts of North Dakota, and New Mexico, and Colorado that the price is going to stay this low,
11563 These agreements are an important milestone for [ Future Long-Range Assault Aircraft program ],
11564 This work shows the power of data and is a good example of how it can benefit everyone,
11565 to end the suffering of our people in these areas.
11566 Sudan's foreign affairs must be made by the Council of Ministers,
11567 We aspire to more cooperation and there are many areas including energy, electricity, mining, education, media. These are areas that allow joint action.
11568 an additional push to the wheel of change in Sudan,
11569 We have recorded a lot of surplus under the Transitional Stabilisation Programme, but have invited a lot of debate. First part of the TSP was accounted with austerity and the stage is now behind us. This year, we should see stabilisation in the economy as we have planned,
11570 Well, it is part of the negotiations as you know, but we will do everything within our means as Government. I am sure we can agree on something that all parties will be happy about and we are determined to do that.
11571 We will be privatizing the banking assets that we own; we are going to make a lot of progress this year, and we want to make sure that we really create a private sector-led economy in Zimbabwe.
11572 High penetrations of renewable and distributed energy will require more real-time pricing and automated prices-to-devices technology.
11573 In coming months the resulting disruption of economic activity and the policy measures taken by the Government and the Bank of England will increase public sector borrowing and debt significantly.
11574 It feels like there has been a slight shift of the wind from the end of last week where Bitcoin was bouncing off the 50 MA and we were testing and retesting the upward trendline for an anticipated $8 - $9k breakout,
11575 It's a difficult thing (to restart), even when we beat this virus.. it'll take, gosh, several months for us to be confident enough to have a holiday and go about our business as it were a few months ago.
11576 So the challenge for the government right now is to get through the virus and not emerge on the other side with unemployment in double digits. We already know GDP growth will be negative but we can still keep it from being minus 10% and try to keep it at maybe minus 2% instead. This `hibernation' phase is really just to minimise the downside risk.
11577 first hard indicators of the economy
11578 Over the past 40 years -- about as long as I've been of age to vote -- the country has seen a downward spiral in the qualifications of the individuals we have elected as president,
11579 smoking gun of sorts: an actual example of literal hard-arse words,
11580 When taken together with the dubious physical evidence supposedly implicating Barton,
11581 The Australian government has created the Emission Reduction Fund to provide businesses with the opportunity to earn Australian carbon credit units for every tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent a business stores or avoids emitting through adopting new practices and technologies. In the private sector, a United States-based start-up is also offering financial incentives of US$ 15 per tonne of carbon dioxide sequestered,
11582 We have the technologies, and we know the cost,
11583 You have to take it with a grain of salt at this point, until you figure out what the funding mechanism is,
11584 much more focused on higher income households.
11585 Fortunately, more countries recognize that their economies can only reach their full potential with full participation of both women and men. We are focusing on helping countries achieve good development outcomes.
11586 We are determined to provide the necessary support to mitigate the impact, especially on the most vulnerable people and countries,
11587 Eastern & Southern Africa.
11588 IBRD [ World Bank ] and IDA [ World Bank International Development Association ] will be making USD 6 billion available in the near term to support health care. We're currently restructuring existing projects in 23 countries, many of these through the use of `contingent emergency response components,
11589 These deals, sometimes labeled as oil advances, often resemble pay-day loans,
11590 However, the rules are so lax, no member has ever been stripped of their congressional pension.
11591 That will make up for some of the cut that will happen with private health insurance,
11592 The objective is to ensure inclusion and financial innovation and change the banking model by moving towards the restructuring and digitalisation of banks, to change the ecosystem quickly,
11593 Yeah, in the knowledge of no other conversations, I'd assume that that was, yeah, certainly the position I was putting. Chest beating. I think I used the word but I can't recall.
11594 Failure by any business to honour its cancellations or refunds policy may constitute misleading conduct under the Australian Consumer Law,
11595 We will work with fintechs and start-ups to understand the challenges they face and take them into account as this crisis unfolds.
11596 We have seen some promising results in terms of quality of service this year, with passengers particularly satisfied with their overall airport experience,
11597 While some have waived their monthly fees, we are receiving complaints and observe generally, that many companies allow you to sign up online but only allow you to disconnect through a call centre,
11598 Their prices are ridiculous. Consumers know the world price [ of oil ] has come down and the Australian economy needs these prices to come down, so bring them down,
11599 A lot of people see $100 as the GDP slowing level around the world, and a lot of the estimates I've seen say if you disrupt some of the flow through the Straits of Hormuz you're going to see $75 oil, not $100 oil.
11600 go beyond declaration of intent
11601 The first thing I did was to take the text across to the Prime Minister's suite because I wanted him to hear about it first from me. He read it in silence and, at first, made no comment. Then, he suddenly asked me whether I thought he should resign,
11602 if firms sever their connections to their workers,
11603 That is outright wrong.
11604 Indeed, RBI data on banking frauds suggests that only a handful of cases over the past five years have had closure, and cases of substantive economic significance remain open. As a result, the overall enforcement mechanism... is not perceived to be a major deterrent to frauds relative to economic gains from fraud.
11605 Neither the moderate Right nor the moderate Left even recognizes, let alone offers any solution for, the central problem of our days: the completely unprecedented personal economic insecurity of working people, from industrial workers and white-collar clerks to medium-high managers.
11606 That might scare the market instead, which happened to Wall Street after the US Federal Reserve lowered interest rates to nearly zero in two surprise cuts this month,
11607 The role of HEC towards National Development and Growth
11608 the toxic message of victimhood
11609 We have enough reserves to preserve financial stability. We are promptly taking all necessary measures for stabilization.
11610 how to justify the confidence of the president, of our people at all stages of our activities
11611 It is necessary to see to it that the five member states are fully supplied with all the necessary medicines and medical items to fight the infection and expand testing for the coronavirus,
11612 Enterprises that already make such products, are successfully operating in the Russian military industrial complex. Developing it further is a top-priority issue for us, without a doubt,
11613 If someone is tempted to use the noise around the coronavirus to solve their current problems by firing staff, such enterprises will be visited by the labor inspection, federal tax service and the prosecutor's office,
11614 The sick people who have been diagnosed with the dangerous infection have been isolated and doctors today are giving them all the necessary assistance,
11615 10 billion rubles were allocated from the reserve fund of the Russian government for the production and purchase of equipment and products for the diagnostics, detection, prevention, and treatment of epidemic diseases, personal protective equipment, medicines and medical devices,
11616 a key area of interest for the Forum,
11617 We have many problems in the world,
11618 People are not asking necessarily any more for politicians [ to lead on these projects ],
11619 Behind everything WHO does is the specter of the 1918 global influenza epidemic, which killed an estimated 50-100 million people,
11620 empowering our students to be innovators in a constantly changing world.
11621 it sits as a monument to national pride in a kind of empty theoretical way rather than having an active influence on national consciousness,
11622 Usually by the end of November, nothing new is going to come out, so if you come out in January, you're satisfying six to seven weeks of [ pent-up ] demand.
11623 Okay, we'll give them that -- because this is actually how risk mitigation is supposed to work. In that, hedge funds represented a risk mitigation cost to portfolios when the markets weren't plunging -- sort of like paying an insurance premium.
11624 Whether we call this `crash-alpha' or `crash-beta,' outside of what they did from 2000-2002, none of our hedge-fund indices moved the needle through any observable edge,
11625 the (Trudeau) government's commitment to maintaining or reducing the country's relative debt to the size of the economy (didn't) seem all that strong, since the ratio actually increased between 2018-19 and 2019-20... the Parliamentary Budget Office recently estimated that the debt-to-GDP ratio will now rise to 38.1%, before accounting for much of the government's fiscal response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
11626 We are thankful to the Australian government, airports and staff for their support in helping us to add additional flights to get people home, and in particular, to bring flights to Brisbane.
11627 I think it stresses the importance of worship in Catholic life,
11628 If Chinese manufacturing comes back, who exactly are they selling to?
11629 It considers dozens of countries around the world its adversary, and its only reliable friend has been the Assad regime in Syria.
11630 My client conversations are all about, `is this the black swan? Is this what can derail the global expansion?
11631 For all practical purposes, the U.S. economy is closed, so why would you expect layoffs to stop?
11632 Now, due to the coronavirus we may very well see further downward pressure on oil prices,
11633 We want 2019 to be remembered as the year of peaking global emissions and the 2020s as the decade of the decline in emissions. And the energy sector is ready to be part of the solution.
11634 With oil prices at about $35 per barrel, I'm worried about some of the major oil producing countries where a collapse in the oil price will bring revenues down. It will be impossible to finance healthcare, education and other public services... in places like Iraq, Angola and Nigeria,
11635 This situation has no precedent in the history of the oil market, with a massive oversupply and a severe shock to demand happening at the same time,
11636 We think this debate needs to be taken in a cool-headed manner. This calls for a grand coalition that brings together all the stakeholders that have a genuine commitment to reducing emissions-governments, industry, financial institutions, international organisations and civil society. Without this grand coalition, it will be very difficult to address this challenge.
11637 I find it at best irresponsible that they are having a price war now. The people of the world will not forget who was on the side of fighting the virus, and which countries were on the side of making the fight much more difficult.
11638 This situation seems to have no equal in oil market history,
11639 The first immediate task for all parts of the industry is reducing the environmental footprint of their own operations,
11640 The government has simply not been sufficiently serious about how it needs to conduct itself in times like this,
11641 But there is this strange sort of blind obstinacy that is driving the whole thing forward regardless,
11642 The real challenge we have is to make wages grow at a faster rate than they have been,
11643 At the moment the weather is having a material effect on our economy,
11644 will continue to monitor developments closely and assess the implications of the coronavirus for the economy. The Board is prepared to ease monetary policy further to support the Australian economy,
11645 But with higher temperatures and more variable conditions the patterns we have always seen are going to be amplified probably and we need to prepare for that.
11646 If that occurs, this could increase the risk of problems down the track. So there is a balance to be struck here.
11647 The potential risk to the Australian economy is bigger than SARS and none of us know how this is going to play out,
11648 more borrowing then we are going to have more problems.
11649 These countries have done rather well at mitigating the force of the blow.
11650 a ruthless one-two punch to the world economy,
11651 Every month is assumed to be 30 days long, the year 360 days.
11652 Think of the current bureaucratic waste that would be saved. No more calendar committees figuring out when breaks, terms and exams would take place.
11653 Because the problem-solvers need to get together with those having problems. They should tell about their problems so others can find a solution. This did not happen, but I hope it will,
11654 Do it because you love Star Wars... or just to annoy people,
11655 It will be hard to lock down the country entirely for much longer periods, so we should also be thinking of how we can restart certain activities in certain low-infection regions with adequate precautions,
11656 There are thousands of commercial buildings in Central New York and we are working actively with our five member counties to implement an open CPACE financing, so that other property developers like Mr. Riley can have the same opportunities but it takes those visionaries to step up to the plate.
11657 This seemingly virtuous Western solidarity is nevertheless selective and discriminatory
11658 We are in danger of giving greater importance to Sanskrit at the cost of other regional languages.
11659 We do not oppose this visit of foreign envoys. But when our own politicians are not allowed to go to Jammu and Kashmir to meet the people there, what is the purpose of taking foreign envoys there?
11660 sounding board and global envoy
11661 The Law Commission then went on to say that the way forward may not be a Uniform Civil Code but codification of all personal laws so that prejudices and stereotypes in every one of them will come to law and could be tested on the anvil of fundamental rights,
11662 Sanskrit has always been the monopoly of a few and that is a matter of great sadness and tragedy for India. We have to make this monopoly of the few into the treasure of the many. And, that is what this Bill should hope to accomplish,
11663 April 1 is now the final deadline when the registration for BS IV fuel-compliant vehicles will stop,
11664 Where can we get creative and use the tools we have to interact with people?
11665 All the other project teams kind of use that data to see where we need to target our efforts to increase our waste diversion.
11666 Which is why, a big jolt is needed to correct the moral compass of the system,
11667 Everyone is saying you need to inject more fiscal stimulus,
11668 We face dystopic scenarios in the near future. It's like falling off the economic cliff,
11669 I think it's easy to jump on the bandwagon and say how bad the market is,
11670 I'm not saying we are going there, but there are worrisome similarities.
11671 the re-acquisition by a company of its own stock.
11672 We expect the Fed to purchase US$ 60 billion of securities across the spectrum for the foreseeable future: QE4 is here.
11673 Watching very carefully seems to be the mantra of the moment. I don't think they are going to do anything yet, but I tell you if we have a few more days like yesterday, they probably would,
11674 The infrastructure of the oil sector, though, is a likely target in the event of tit-for-tat escalation.
11675 all but the most essential events.
11676 I am excited to be joining Ares' strong global platform, and I look forward to working with the talented professionals at Ares in private equity and across the firm's Credit and Real Estate Groups in Europe,
11677 If Bernie Sanders becomes president, I think stock prices should be 30% to 40% lower than they are now,
11678 Now, we are thriving again,
11679 Preston named as most improved city in UK,
11680 Technology is still going to be quite dominant,
11681 The Case for a Job Guarantee.
11682 The work force should be protected. We've had discussions with their reps and we are determined there will be no compulsory redundancies,
11683 I want to thank our hauliers for their support and hard work in this difficult time. With their help we will keep our chains of supply for food and essential goods moving.
11684 It was good to have the opportunity to meet with the new Chairman and Directors so soon after their appointment. We had an encouraging and frankly, a warm discussion today,
11685 There has to be a semblance of convergence of our manifestos. If not, the alliance will collapse,
11686 collusion between the defendants in the salmon industry.
11687 If something happens to that border, it will be a completely different situation,
11688 People are seeing the planet on their dinner plate more than ever before.
11689 It's costly, it is restrictive.
11690 It's nice to connect with consumers and get them to think about their relationship with food.
11691 You'd have to be living under a rock not to notice the recent increase in plant-based products for sale in Canada,
11692 co-ordinated policy actions across all the major economies would be needed to ensure effective healthcare provision around the world and provide the most effective stimulus to the global economy
11693 Home prices did amazingly well during the Great Depression. According to Schiller's index, it looks like inflation-adjusted prices fell from about 74 to 69 between 1929 and 1933 -- about a 7 percent decline. By 1940, they were back up to 82.
11694 I think by the time we get to Easter we are going to probably see about 1.5 to 1.8 million job losses due to stand downs,
11695 It is particularly helpful for women who come from far, often with small children,
11696 The main purpose of decennial census is to collect data for statistical purpose, and not for identifying individuals,
11697 Last year, we didn't even mention TikTok,
11698 Over time, the results generated by this new chair will feed into better, more realistic regulation and better policy-making, not only in Canada but in jurisdictions worldwide.
11699 Since the financial crisis it's been all about increasing employment in the country rather than productivity. In order to get anywhere near that that kind of number we are going to need a very large increase in productivity,
11700 the last rock `n' roll footballer
11701 Don't care as long his all his snowflakes do.
11702 Sorry to everybody who came to the gig tonight in Hamburg. My voice was not there and if I'd have carried on I'd have done more damage to it. I love you all and hope you understand. I'll make it up to you.
11703 He's a kinky kangaroo,
11704 They ask different questions about family history, they have different machines,
11705 Today CJI in Supreme Court directed the government to file a counter to my affidavit demanding designation of Rama Setu as Ancient Heritage Monument and said due to the heavy load of the Court, CJI Bench will hear my WP three months. Hence, I hope GOI will no more delay or waffle on this and file
11706 Gorkhaland is top priority. Must make it a Union Territory as promised.
11707 do well to stay away from India
11708 we may thus win the coronavirus battle but be badly defeated by the war to save the economy from collapse.
11709 BRI has large advantages that India must enjoy and if the Chinese are willing to accommodate this and not go through parts of Kashmir, we will be in a position to gain in terms of international trade and bilateral relations,
11710 We have real problems and imaginary ones, and to the president we need to explain the imaginary ones,
11711 we should not be afraid of foreign competition. We should take on the foreign competition head on in the global markets. If we are not doing that, something is very wrong,
11712 Currently there is lots of talk, but all the walk is going in the wrong direction,
11713 development of technologies to promote agricultural productivity, actions to prevent climate change... course, preventing and dealing with pandemics
11714 their GDPs misestimated with incompletely specified econometric model
11715 If Congress doesn't understand that we're looking at maybe one of the worst jobs numbers we've ever seen, and we're looking at a negative GDP number in the second quarter that's really large, if they don't understand that, then they cannot do a stimulus for sure,
11716 you're looking at the worst job numbers we've ever seen.
11717 In an efficient market for Bitcoin,
11718 It's trying to become more transparent while its operations become more complex. That's difficult trick to pull off.
11719 One of the things that we would do is we would go back to our variety of stakeholders, whether it's from the residential, from the educational, from the staff perspective, share what we had learned, understand what their perspectives were, what questions needed to be addressed, what were the ideas they had for addressing certain concerns, and then that itself would become the input for subsequent phone calls,
11720 Sport is a great way to bring people together, whether it's played in Shanghai or Docklands.
11721 We're proud to be backing this Victorian first, which will enable the exchange of intelligence and experiences in sectors ranging from tech and transport to sport.
11722 But having said that, I recognise the situation is extremely dynamic and to some extent there are matters that are out of control. There are decisions made by the (government) or might be made overseas.
11723 The Stawell Gift is more than a footrace, it's part of the sporting folklore of this state. We're delighted to be able to bring all the important players together to ensure that the event is secured, and along with it, the jobs and investment supported by it.
11724 This is a community showing the very best of qualities in the toughest of circumstances -- I'll be there on Saturday to enjoy the unique charms of a day at the picnics.
11725 suggests that stakeholder capitalism might be accelerated. But the results will depend on leadership from both companies and government officials,
11726 the Soleimani episode ought to prompt Pyongyang to re-examine its assumptions about U.S. behavior,
11727 And they're buying because they fear (correctly) that you're running to the store to stock up, leaving none for them.
11728 we have no idea what the extent of the problem is.
11729 China has not been manipulating its currency so this is just recognizing reality,
11730 I'm 24, not in any of the risk groups, no relevant underlying health conditions, usually pretty healthy.
11731 It's so important to create environments where those struggling with life can be helped to find peace and calm. All of us have the right to be protected from harm and the right to feel safe.
11732 My largest positions are not the ones I think I'm going to make the most money from. My largest positions are the ones I don't think I'm going to lose money in.
11733 People say if you start questioning the number of zeros in the billionaire's fortune... where are you going to stop?
11734 This electoral alienation of the American working classes is so long-standing that it will certainly not be reversed in one day,
11735 to do more for frontline NHS workers, provide essential care packages to hundreds of hospitals and to do more for elderly and vulnerable customers
11736 The partnership has traded for over 155 years, during which time we have faced many difficult periods, including two world wars and the 2008 financial crisis. On every occasion, thanks to our customers and partners, and the long-standing relationships with our suppliers and stakeholders, we have emerged stronger.
11737 To reform the healthcare system required a tremendous amount of political determination and willingness to pay a political price. Chinese top leaders seem to be willing to do that. However, it is slower than some of us like to see.
11738 We are delighted to have TCL once again as our partner and we would look forward to taking this partnership to great new heights. Our aim has always been to provide our sponsors with the best mileage for their brand and create a prominent position for them on all fronts.
11739 I think that when we look back at this episode, we will conclude that March 2020 was already a recession month,
11740 MOB is therefore `subconcussive.' A service member would likely notice the exposure. However, they may not think of MOB as a potential health hazard.
11741 None of the patients had complications that you might normally see from donor cells and the results were as good as you'd get from a donor transplant -- or better,
11742 They know the Fed is on the job. If there are issues that come up, what you're seeing from this Federal Reserve is: `We will deal with it. '
11743 The agencies wouldn't want to be putting their staff at risk
11744 The club continues to enjoy a good relationship with Matt. He has many friends here and the overwhelmingly positive feedback we received when we announced that he would return in 2020 is a measure of Matt himself: he's a fantastic person on and off the cricket field,
11745 The political situation over here has become very very divisive. And we have to hold it together; not by force. But yes, I'm worried about what that (division) is doing to the economy. And once institutions erode, that is a long term problem,
11746 A major concern, of course, is that reservations have been made already for airline flights, hotel and so on and so we are looking into the legal aspects,
11747 Yes, but we have not set the new date. We will have [ an ] emergency meeting [ with the ] Paaro board,
11748 Kailangan talaga hanapan ng solusyon dahil hindi naman puwede na hindi ipagpatuloy ang klase ng mga bata,
11749 We need to find a solution because classes cannot resume if they are still there,
11750 Raising productivity is the single best way to increase wages and living standards.
11751 simplified communication may, alone, be necessary but not sufficient.
11752 natural limits to the benefits of a `flexible' labour market in boosting an economy's efficiency
11753 The feds have been taking pretty aggressive actions to try and prevent the markets from seizing up, and so far it seems to be working.
11754 We're trying to accommodate the agricultural world too, and their concerns if somebody should become ill that's part of their H-2A labor force.
11755 to show people that eating healthy doesn't mean you have to eat stuff that doesn't taste good,
11756 And you need the minister of Crown-Indigenous relations and you need the minister of Indigenous Services on the Wet's uwet' en, but you don't need them on the response to the Boeing 737 problem.
11757 As an academic community, we study, learn, and discover in a constant state of forward anticipation,
11758 Events like Model United Nations provide a platform for youths to better understand national and international issues and polish them to get involved in the decision-making process in the future,
11759 failure to announce any real action to overhaul social care is the elephant in the room
11760 From what the Minister [ Trades and Industry Ministry ] said, I don't believe that all 275 factories will be ready. Keep in mind that it is not the government that is producing the factories. It is the private sector and you cannot force them to produce the factories,
11761 If what we produce is classified it's not much use to police or fire fighters. We've learned that the hard way.
11762 It's a full metric of your wellbeing,
11763 receive end-of-life care in the community, which would be more efficient, timely, and less burdensome
11764 These people needed to have been working together.... Planning, training is what really matters in a crisis.
11765 This is where we will hear more and more calls for help.
11766 We want to know whether you have committed the money as was directed by the president and for what purpose,
11767 A slide into the community transmission stage is almost inevitable, at least in some parts. But that does not warrant a continuation of the current 21-day lockdown in the middle of the rabi harvesting season, with the informal sector, daily wage workers and MSME's bearing the brunt of the lockdown,
11768 Alarmist numbers based on questionable assumptions should not be used to prolong the lockdown, at least in its present form,
11769 you try to neatly pin that slowdown to something that happened in 2019 that is debatable
11770 I wonder? How many more company failures and how many egregious cases of accounting do we need?
11771 I'm very proud of the decision I made to seek help when I was younger because I needed to. And at the time it was a huge risk for me, both professionally and financially,
11772 Back in the day I used to just try to kill myself with these workouts, but now I'm trying to just get to the gym every single day, and maybe one or to days off on the weekends.
11773 It will be here forever and that means a great deal.
11774 We definitely see this as psilocybin-assisted therapy.
11775 It's becoming more and more clear that the virus is really attacking your lung function,
11776 We now have testing kiosks, which are being used for sample collection. We have a shielded cabin for health workers, where people can come and get tested if they show symptoms. These kiosks are going to be placed at district borders,
11777 We want our parents to know that there's not an expectation that they home-school their children,
11778 What's hard for socio-economists to quantify is the potential demand for rental. How many people living in households with roommates, or living in the parental home, or living in other cities, who would form a new rental household in this region if they could find one available within their budget? There is a lot of pent-up demand out there. All of those condo units that came on stream in 2019 found tenants, the vacancy rate did not improve.
11779 FDI in education is wrong. It is a bad idea and we oppose this proposal,
11780 giving me elements of understanding racecraft, pressure, not making mistakes, and driving techniques. When I got into the actual racing it was literally a tool for me to learn the track. When I got there the first time I could apply what I learnt right away.
11781 I think you could easily say that within 10 years, the natural progress of demographics will see the younger core vote who are more solidly pro-independence move into a majority as the older [ more anti-independence ] generation dies off,
11782 Does she need another mandate? She's got one already. Is it simply about the internal politics of the SNP? Is she trying to play to her flank that wants a referendum? If she is, she's wrong. Because not even people like Joanna Cherry think really there is going to be a referendum this year.
11783 If we just close down the damn country... we might get in front of this and stop it, in which case that short-term panic will lead to a collective sigh of relief,
11784 There's no way of looking at the ownership of properties and understanding who owns them ultimately,
11785 The Bay Area is vastly more resilient than the rest of the country,
11786 Once again, our right to vote will lose.
11787 After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
11788 Trying to figure out how I'm going to continue my training,
11789 betray the commitments that have been made to the most vulnerable children of all,
11790 I am flabbergasted that both Priti Patel and Boris Johnson have allowed it to reach this crisis point.
11791 The thing that is so troubling about what the Government has chosen to do, is they have chosen to remove obligations in the previous 2018 Act that everyone had accepted, that had been supported by Government ministers, by this House, as just a very sensible objective to negotiate an agreement to make sure that some of those vulnerable children could simply be reunited with those families.
11792 But this will likely only happen when the palladium shortages become severe enough to create problems in producing a car, which is still a ways away.
11793 reverses these funding stresses and offsets the negative impact to [ emerging market ] wealth,
11794 That was something that was really important to Colby. He worked a lot in the community.
11795 Although we are fierce opponents on the ice, our organizations collaborated to ensure NHL hockey remained viable and thrived in Alberta,
11796 The average detection rate is around six percent, making the number of cases that is reported in the news on a daily basis rather meaningless,
11797 are not currently justified.
11798 He would be crazy to lose you.
11799 The Civil Rights movement can't be built on lies. If you want to make a real moral argument that has political effect in this country, you can't base it upon hoaxes, lies, and ruses.
11800 This expansion is a testament to the hard work and perseverance of Mr. Crowder and his employees and I look forward to their continued success for many years to come.
11801 hardly going to restaurants, cinemas, or theaters,
11802 (E) very component of aggregate demand -- consumption, capital spending, exports -- is in unprecedented free fall.
11803 impact on society might be as profound as that which followed the Black Death in Europe in 1348. That plague caused a fundamental transformation of socio-economic relations in Europe.
11804 In stadiums, big exhibition halls, wherever you can. It seems extreme. It works.
11805 The transmission through trade and other channels is going to be seen across the world.
11806 I couldn't do it this morning. I couldn't get on that train knowing that I might be spending the next three hours trapped in a metal tube with hundreds of furious people
11807 If you are going to bail them out, wipe out shareholders. Or give the government, on behalf of the American people, some stake in the upside, [ and ] massively restrict payouts and dividends in the future.
11808 In no other city do I see so many good initiatives emerging.
11809 Mathematically it's almost impossible to do it all (the new EU-UK trade deal) in one year,
11810 That lets you say, `Instead of the Fed doing what it actually did, suppose it did more or suppose it did less -- or suppose it acted at a different time' ,
11811 The creation of a third equal competitor, the combined Sprint-T-Mobile, would have about 30% of the market, too. This might actually provide a more viable alternative, and a counterweight, to Verizon and AT&T nationwide.
11812 It's going to get used quickly because there are so many people who need money right now,
11813 There's a potential set of people who may not have actually taken the leap to ordering their food from a restaurant through a platform or ordering a meal kit, and they are doing that now because of the quarantine. And so this may change their behaviors even post-quarantine as they've gotten used to a new way of getting their food delivered,
11814 they will be able to make up a lot of the pent-up demand at a later point as people are buying those goods again.
11815 Globalization has been hugely beneficial to all of us, simply because of specialization and the comparative advantages of individual locations across the world. That force remains strong and true in the future. However, there is a broader question about the resilience of supply chains; how can we make sure that supply disruptions don't make us vulnerable to the entire chain falling apart?
11816 For those with no memory of the Cold War,
11817 It's vital we make these cities more innovative and livable.
11818 Gas is a critical part of the world's clean-energy transition,
11819 I am sure that well-functioning governments will end up doing better because this epidemic requires strong and effective governments and implementation.
11820 Starving people, after all, have little to lose. We need to do what it takes to reassure people that the society does care and that their minimum well-being should be secure,
11821 using religion for the purpose of discrimination of this kind will not be acceptable.
11822 suggest that over the next decade, many investors may struggle to meet return objectives anchored to a rosier past,
11823 Beacon is constantly evolving to help our customers be more efficient and grow their businesses by providing products, services and an e-commerce platform unmatched by our competitors,
11824 Despite subsidies of about $10,000 per car, battery-powered electric cars represent less than one-third of 1% of the world's 1 billion vehicles. The IEA estimates that with sustained political pressure and subsidies, electric cars could account for 15% of the much larger global fleet in 2040, but it notes that this increase in share will reduce global CO2 emissions by just 1%
11825 Despite the high level of uncertainty, the best scientific advice today suggests that action to mitigate and adapt to climate change is needed.
11826 He traced' a general sense of helplessness' and lack of public confidence in elected officials to the politicians' lack of sensitivity and `the fact that the government is not only indebted to special interests, but is also indentured to them, '
11827 I fear this collapse in office face time will lead to a slump in innovation,
11828 To the extent that extreme weather events are more frequent or more extreme, that does need to be factored into the way we assess whether banks have adequate capital,
11829 While we are not out of the woods regarding NPLs, there is still the matter of the lawsuit brought against the government by civil servants which may see the state having to dish out a  1 bln in back payments.
11830 Once Adele and I recovered from the virus ourselves, it just seemed obvious that we should try to contribute to this effort.
11831 We will begin transitioning to virtual instruction for graduate and undergraduate classes. Our goal is to have this transition complete by Monday, March 23, which is the first day of scheduled classes following Spring Recess,
11832 I tend to feel terrific at the beginning of the day, and I'm dragging by the end,
11833 We are moving toward a cashless economy, and technology allows us to pay in very easy ways, going beyond even using credit cards or using traditional bank accounts,
11834 You should still care about the public health impact, and not covering undocumented immigrants is a really dumb thing to do from a public health perspective.
11835 When you're just one worker going up against a corporation, you don't have the leverage you do if you're part of a unionized workforce.
11836 art is a fundamental part of our culture, and it inspires our drive towards preserving a vital part of our history as Nigerians and Africans
11837 This year, we put some measures in place to improve the overall marathon experience and we are ecstatic that they have reaped immediate dividends. This year's race witnessed an uptick in the quality and preparedness of the athletes, as highlighted by the manner in which the previous records were broken. Furthermore, the experience of the attendees attests to better organization and planning on the part of the organizing committee,
11838 behave more aggressively than non-exporting states, but this belligerence rarely intensifies into actual armed conflict... Generally, oil endows exporting countries with a freer hand with which to pursue their aims
11839 Rather, it began with an incorrect idea. Specifically, the serpent, the devil, he planted false ideas in the minds of the original pair.
11840 This will give the public greater confidence as the trust deficit among politicians is high.
11841 If we let the epidemic spiral out of control, the economic fallout could be worse,
11842 In case of pulses, when people know they can't go out and are unsure about availability of milk and vegetables, there is a sudden spike in demand for pulses because people are buying higher quantities,
11843 There has to be a more direct payment going to the people being affected -- some kind of wage subsidy arrangement. These people shouldn't have to rely on the goodwill of employers to keep them going or on their retirement savings,
11844 We have also seen a spike in interest from completely new customers, so we think that this will open up new markets for us as well.
11845 What companies need is cash. They don't need credits.
11846 Why work when one is better off not working financially and healthwise?
11847 I think you owe the public an explanation of why you're voting `no' on the resolution,
11848 Today's legislation is an incredible step forward for Seattle's housing justice movement,
11849 International carbon markets are an appealing and increasingly popular tool to regulate carbon emissions. They put a price on carbon emissions and make pollution less attractive for regulated firms,
11850 Now uncertainty rules globally,
11851 The weather did not help me at all and that is the reason I could not sign and stay at Tusker.
11852 For the officer corps, attracting cutting-edge scientific talent is likely to become a priority for the PLA as more sophisticated weapons platforms come online in the coming years. Engineering graduates from Tsinghua or Beihang need to believe that the skills they developed will be better used in the PLA than in other sectors of China's economy. More importantly, high school students who have the marks to go to these elite civilian universities need to feel as though going to the Naval University of Engineering or the Rocket Force University of Engineering would be a good use of their talents. Winning over those hearts and minds will be crucial for the PLA in the medium term.
11853 I think (the coronavirus) has the potential to be material in the short-to-medium term,
11854 I think people have to keep in mind, this will come to an end, the question is when this crisis will come to an end, not if it will come to an end.
11855 showed a well-organized approach, with new tools and more sophistication for coordinated attacks. In generating fake news and misinformation on specific targets, these suggested they were not the work of Chinese trolls or individual netizens, but indicated a deployment of China's cyberarmy units,
11856 Stock markets sold off double digits. If you look at the escalation of the reported cases, it feels a lot like that.
11857 It's not even a bazooka -- it's more like a nuclear bomb.
11858 They need to prod (people) to consume,
11859 This time around even the financial sector may be affected, and I doubt protests will calm down.
11860 This integration is pretty significant,
11861 We fully support EMR's proposals to introduce express services, which are vital to encourage more passengers to travel to the airport by rail. I look forward to working with Abellio as the new franchise operators throughout their franchise term, to see how we can further enhance the service with more trains and direct access to major cities in the north.
11862 We have created the biggest excesses in generations
11863 We want to move beyond the status quo maintained on the issue for over a decade and bring the matter to a final settlement beneficial for our country and our long-term business interests.
11864 It was very emotional, a lovely exchange between the athletes and the people.
11865 We should understand a little bit more about where the health risk is and where the economic cost is greatest,
11866 you start to run out of people who have lost their jobs because of the quarantine,
11867 A 5 percent contraction is way too optimistic,
11868 Over a short period, this is likely to be far nastier than a typical recession,
11869 Dealing with such risks solely through macroprudential policy is challenging. The effectiveness of macroprudential policies is curtailed by the presence of foreign banks and non-bank financial firms lending to households. Moreover, borrower-based measures can exacerbate the impact on inequality arising from housing shortages and housing price appreciation. In such a situation, it is preferable for monetary policy to incorporate financial stability concerns into its policy deliberations. This is something that has long been recognised in our two-pillar strategy, which we would be well advised to maintain if not enhance.
11870 I don't need eight or 10 refrigerators.
11871 The Anglo-Indian community is the only community that has its representation in the Lok Sabha. It was done by the first Prime Minister of this country, Jawaharlal Nehru, with Mr Frank Anthony because the community had no native state of its own.
11872 The Fed has gone from the financial bubble's hostage to its guardian.
11873 The Trump campaign seems overconfident,
11874 It's hard to believe, but because of impeachment, Donald Trump's ratings actually went up,
11875 We are only beginning to see the benefits that blockchain technology will bring to our societies, including in our democratic processes,
11876 consistently found evidence that both students and taxpayers are better off under locally based systems of school funding and school control.
11877 Like the health experts, bank supervisors are responding to a fast-moving and extraordinary situation. Supervisors must combine the tools from their playbooks for dealing with natural disasters, operational risk events, and bank stress episodes. With its global vantage point, and drawing from past experience, the IMF can offer some additional guidance on the way forward,
11878 our senior authorised representative did attend in person with the requisite information. Needless to say, if in the future any assistance or support to the investigation is requested from us, we will cooperate fully
11879 What I've been telling people is, really, the answer is you've got to ration this,
11880 What we know is that despite the positive examples that we have seen over and over, we have far too many schools where the zip code, the race or an individual's tax bracket determine a child's life outcome,
11881 differences across states in these dimensions were not the reason for the strong association between LCM bans and lower rates of high-fatality mass shooting deaths,
11882 revolutionising how decision-makers would come to view the natural world
11883 You don't have to be an environmentalist to care about protecting the environment. Just ask a farmer who now must rent beehives to pollinate his crops, because there are no longer enough bees in wild nature to do the job for free. But bees don't send invoices, so the value of their services is not recognised,
11884 The state should have been provided with 44 per cent of the share of direct income tax that the Centre receives from it. But it disbursed 42 per cent of the total share. Having said that out of 42 per cent one percent had been made for Kashmir. So, the state gets 41 per cent. The centre should have provided us 42 per cent. But in reality it gives 41 per cent. Moreover, cess and surcharge are being increased. It was 18 per cent in 2018. No money will be given to us from cess and surcharge. This will not come to us. To decrease the growth, the centre is increasing cess and surcharge, but states are being deprived of their share. Moreover, no GST compensation is being given to us,
11885 We have no idea what it's about either.
11886 It is certainly not too late for the euro area to avoid this,
11887 Line 3 in Minnesota and the proposed oilsands Teck mine in Alberta reflect the craziness of Canada and the US at the end of the fossil fuel era. Big companies like Enbridge are proposing projects which are not sustainable, and the big new tar sands projects which would fill this line with oil are being closed down,
11888 That's really the one-stop-shop for our kids. That's where they go to get the lessons and activities that teachers have provided to them,
11889 Then the French government put in place what's called a requisition order,
11890 We ask that you take your own health, and that of others, under serious consideration during this epidemic,
11891 On behalf of the entire Sponsor Group, we are content that we have found the right path forward with Searchlight and ForgeLight. Our goal in launching a comprehensive strategic review was to ensure that Univision was best positioned for future growth and success, and we believe this is the ideal outcome. Univision serves a critical purpose, and the value its programming brings to audiences, partners and communities is immeasurable.
11892 statistical analysis shows that it was predictable that Morales would obtain a first-round win, based on the results of the first 83.85 per cent of votes in a rapid count that showed Morales leading runner-up Carlos Mesa by less than 10 points.
11893 The counter-terror measures are there for all to see. There has been a massive decrease in terror incidents in Pakistan over the past couple of years,
11894 Whatever capabilities are in place, there will still be a huge degree of difficulty in the program.
11895 He doesn't want to do it because companies will make more money if they gouge prices than if the government is taking over. You're going to produce these masks or respirators and will pay you the cost plus 10 percent -- that's less money for them. There's no reason why Congress can't put the orders in the legislation.
11896 potentially even more useful in an area of greater need such as Africa, in a situation where there's highly prevalent and more aggressive disease
11897 recognition that this shock is absolutely different
11898 The precise magnitude of the financial impact is highly dependent on the duration of the closures,
11899 There is a lot of evidence that inward-looking economic policies that isolate a country from the rest of the world are bad for that country,
11900 underestimating the costs of moving too slowly.
11901 What public policy needs to do, and this includes the Fed, is to help ensure that the shutdown in activity that is being felt doesn't cause lasting damage to the economy,
11902 We're seeing bank stability in a more dynamic way. We've been advancing many changes,
11903 But even with extremely low growth, inflation does not appear to be slowing further, and we see almost no risk of inflation missing our target from below, which has been a problem for many other countries.
11904 Nobody believes the economic situation will be better tomorrow than it is today.
11905 There's an infinite variety of places to go,
11906 We are not the ivory. We are not what is poached. We are the carcass that is left behind.
11907 But sometimes something else comes along that's more important than that and that's the situation with COVID-19,
11908 The point is not the quality of the conference facilities, the point is just get yourselves out to these places and spend money.
11909 The campaign will help to bring new tourists to Victoria in the important months that lie ahead,
11910 It's a shame that the Saints can't play in Shanghai this year, but we now have a terrific opportunity to show our support for our local Chinese communities.
11911 Today (Monday) and tomorrow is still the green light but as we've seen in other parts of the economy, this thing is very changeable... We're changing every few days. Enjoy it while we can.
11912 I think that's why the market is responding the way it is right now to the Federal Reserve's action,
11913 If we do, we can expect the same outcome. If it lingers into summer, it'll be a recession.
11914 And our models then work the way we said they would work.
11915 I would like to think that it passes, but it's open for a vote,
11916 We started talking to some of the network people: `It would be kind of crazy to go test this out. Maybe we could do a special or something on this.' As things started unfolding, it was like, `This would be a really good spinoff show.' It was definitely a learning experience, trying to figure out why he went over there. I think I got a pretty good idea of what the old man was up to.
11917 So, you know, maybe get on YouTube and try to be the MacGyver of some at home workouts.
11918 The chat room became more hospitable,
11919 My mother was so overcome with grief and shame and anger that she threatened to kill herself if I did not end it.... I took her on face value and ended it (the relationship). As a result, I just shut down a part of myself for years... that needed to be expressed in order to be my full self.
11920 The Beaven family were like the squires of the manor. They loved the village.
11921 The euro is heavy,
11922 Volatility is the highest in the decade (three-month implied volatility is above 25.5%, and one-month is near 38%). Using the volatility to a band around spot implies around a 75% probability that it is in a range of roughly MXN22.00-MXN28.50 pin one month and MXN21.50-MXN29.50 in three months. The risks are aligned to the downside for the peso, and given multi-dimension nature of the shock, a move toward MXN30-MXN35 is possible, especially if the virus spreads and is prolonged
11923 The market has brought forward an anticipated cut by the RBA. Previously it had been discounted for near mid-year. The derivatives market is has priced in about 20 bp of a cut (~ 80%) now. A week ago, less than three basis points were discounted,
11924 The goal is to provide fast, effective action that responds to country needs. It should recognize the extra burden on poorer countries and also the benefit on global public goods from a comprehensive response worldwide by reducing the spread of pathogens,
11925 urgent support to business and their workers,
11926 Addressing humanitarian crises requires immediate support and long-term development approaches,
11927 The reaction from our own basketball community was great,
11928 That looks to me like it's the only real option at the moment. So I think what we're now doing is a kind of a mating dance with a result - which looks like it's going to be a Fianna Fil / Fine Gael coalition,
11929 We can do this by slowing down, not driving while impaired through drink, drugs or fatigue, by not driving while using a phone, by wearing a seatbelt and always sharing the road more carefully with pedestrians and cyclists.
11930 Today's coordinated action by major central banks will improve global liquidity by lowering the price and extending the maximum term of US dollar lending operations,
11931 the extent to which supply disruptions have aggregate demand consequences via cash flow, cost and availability of finance, as well as confidence effects
11932 We're close to those limits,
11933 I don't think that climate policy should be run by stealth though capital ratios or other use of prudential policy to shift incentives,
11934 Carney ended up giving the pound a goodbye kiss rather than kick, the Bank of England voting to keep interest rates unchanged, booting any potential cut into the Andrew Bailey era,
11935 UK productivity forecasts assume UK financial institutions lose EU passporting rights in 2021.
11936 To be clear, these are still early days, and it is less of a case of so far so good, than so far, good enough,
11937 policy arsenal includes monetary policy instruments, special liquidity facilities, and macroprudential tools.
11938 further climate disclosures and climate risk assessments from global banks could increase scrutiny of investments in the Canadian oilsands and nascent liquefied natural gas sector,
11939 if we handle it well,
11940 The need to address the risk of a new US dollar liquidity crunch is urgent. It is essential to develop adequate frameworks before trouble strikes,
11941 It's the nature of these roles, public roles, that you will be criticized,
11942 We did that far better in the second half and stretched the pitch wider. We got hold of the ball better in the central areas so again instructions were taken on board and the lads deserve massive credit for that.
11943 around 20,000 to 50,000 jihadist terrorists
11944 a reflection of the one-man regime,
11945 But the IMF's numerous loans after the 2009 SDR issuance all over the world -- including in Europe -- are enough to show that IMF conditionality continued. Further, conditions attached to IMF loans have generally involved fiscal tightening, and this is clearly not the time for austerity-oriented policies, which would prevent governments from addressing the economic fall-out of the pandemic, and hinder efforts to combat the pandemic itself.
11946 The OAS greatly misled the media and the public about what happened in Bolivia's elections, and helped to foster a great deal of mistrust in the electoral process and the results.
11947 The sanctions have a more generalized and deadly direct effect by contributing to a more generalized scarcity of life-saving medicine and equipment because they exacerbate an economic downturn,
11948 Japan has succeeded partly in escaping Japanification,
11949 My colleagues at work thought I was a lunatic. A lunatic,
11950 dies if we minimize transmission,
11951 I've been aggressively buying stocks,
11952 the extraordinary burden placed on central banking since the [ 2008 global financial ] crisis,
11953 There some hazards of twitter for which I have to stoop to conquer. Most of these are paid to tweet. My challenge to publish the full text has no answer and they stand exposed.
11954 We know where the Muslim population is large, there is always trouble...
11955 We understand that some sectors are already affected, including tourism, and we saw a drop in industrial (activities) and commodity prices,
11956 This won't be the last announcement we make because the situation is very dynamic,
11957 easily be 20 percent or higher.
11958 It is also deeply unfair.
11959 Chronic low interest rates create additional fiscal space.
11960 Housing prices are also now rising, not falling, and a pick-up in residential construction activity is in prospect,
11961 judgment about the benefits from a further reduction in interest rates against some of the costs and risks associated with very low interest rates.
11962 We are in a world of low inflation for quite some time and that means lower interest rates for quite some time,
11963 Undeniably, what we are facing today is a very serious situation but it's also something that's temporary.
11964 This is likely to remain the case for some time yet as efforts continue to contain the virus.
11965 cementing low wage norms across the country
11966 We have seen very weak liquidity conditions so far but we haven't judged them sufficiently poor that we wanted to enter the market. We are prepared to if liquidity conditions deteriorate.
11967 In most economies, including the US, there is an expectation of further monetary stimulus over coming months.
11968 If there's not too much damage done to the workforce, to the businesses during the shutdown period, however long that may be, then we could see a fairly quick rebound,
11969 not too much damage [ is ] done to [ our ] workforce and businesses during [ this ] shutdown, we could see a fairly quick rebound. Much closer to a major snowstorm
11970 Nothing is going to work, the Fed is not going help, fiscal policy is not going to help if we don't get the public health right, if we don't solve the problem of the virus, of the infection, so making sure that the risk has declined sufficiently before [ putting ] people back in the line of fire,
11971 Last year only 1% of total capex went into clean technologies. But those investments will grow as companies have to balance their short-term profit goals with long-term social licence,
11972 Governments can use the current situation to step up their climate ambitions and launch sustainable stimulus packages focused on clean energy technologies. The coronavirus crisis is already doing significant damage around the world. Rather than compounding the tragedy by allowing it to hinder clean energy transitions, we need to seize the opportunity to help accelerate them,
11973 if they insist on continuing an oil price war
11974 Energy Outlook of the U.S. from the Perspective of the IEA
11975 The volatility we are seeing in oil markets is detrimental to the global economy at a time that we can least afford it.
11976 Our collective opinion is that children in the 2019/20 cohort should be award GCSEs based upon their predicted grades. This has the obvious advantage of being relatively cheap and easy to do. Weighing up the different options this seems to be as fair as the alternatives.
11977 The film is a reflection on real events, recounted via cinematographic logic and constraints of space and time,
11978 The person-to-person contact can be much more effective than a letter in the mail,
11979 This disruption comes at a time when Chinese economic growth already looked fragile and will undo some of the boost in consumer and business sentiment from the China-U.S. trade deal,
11980 [ It was ] at 20% of the fund, sometimes a third of the fund, and I slashed it back today because [ the stock price ] is just so decoupled from reality,
11981 In January, when I saw this coronavirus going nuts in China, I was thinking that this is going to be huge here and we're behind the curve and it's going to happen,
11982 Tesla is the biggest single stock bubble in this whole bubble market for several reasons: No moat, a balance sheet that will return to losing money this year and flattening revenue growth, to name a few.
11983 A more realistic target would be to try to reach a growth rate of around 8 per cent per year as quickly as possible. This is certainly necessary if we want to continue to reduce poverty and generate the employment needed to satisfy our young and aspirational labour force. Is 8 per cent growth feasible? India did achieve GDP growth of 8.5 per cent in the first seven years of the UPA, but a return to that growth rate is easier said than done,
11984 I have never been in favour of big-bang reforms. They have never worked. Gradualism is something that is not going to be done instantly but spread over a period of time with the phased transition,
11985 in which I had the privilege of being an insider for 30 long years
11986 In a democratic society, where dissent cannot be suppressed, it becomes necessary to listen to voices of protest and try to carry everyone along. India is much admired for its adherence to democratic norms and this reputation needs to be preserved,
11987 A swollen money supply presented a grave inflationary threat to the economy. There was a need to bring this money supply under control if the disastrous effects of a sharp price rise were to be avoided,
11988 I feel very strongly that a year from now, their share will continue to be over 50%,
11989 It changes the narrative so much, doesn't it? We have this narrative in our head, particularly in Ontario, about manufacturing struggling. But here in Barrie, we have been led by some incredible entrepreneurs and seen a dramatic expansion of employment.
11990 I look forward to reading the insightful essays, and seeing the heartfelt artwork and inspiring photos in this year's contest.
11991 Kenney in particular should be politically shunned for his incredible decision to attack Alberta's doctors and rip up their employment contracts (alongside his other attacks on public health workers) just as we ask them to risk their lives, to save ours,
11992 When we last had a recession (early 1990s), most people had a permanent job with entitlements like holiday leave and super,
11993 We have projected global growth at 2.9 per cent for 2019 and 3.3 per cent for 2020, which is 0.1 percentage point lower than the October estimates. The vast majority of it comes from our downgrade for India which was quite significant for both years,
11994 Broader monetary stimulus such as interest-rate cuts or asset purchases can boost confidence and support financial markets if theres a risk of a significant tightening in financial conditions,
11995 Worse growth outcomes are possible and even likely.
11996 substantial targeted monetary, and financial market measures
11997 Quarantines, lockdowns, and social distancing are all critical for slowing transmission, giving the health care system time to handle the surge in demand for its services and buying time for researchers to try to develop therapies and a vaccine,
11998 We model how a cyber-attack may be amplified through the U.S. financial system, focusing on the wholesale payments network,
11999 are permitted to file a lawsuit against one of these foreign cruise lines,
12000 I can't be perfect about this lifestyle. I have to find myself using it,
12001 At that point, debt would be higher as a percentage of GDP than at any point since since just after World War II and more than double what it has averaged over the past 50 years,
12002 I gave my talk.
12003 It's time to speak up, and I believe it's time to act. Facts are apolitical. Their defense is not a political act. I believe it is a moral obligation -- one shared by every person on our campuses and on the campuses of colleges and universities around the world.
12004 We started experiencing symptoms on Sunday -- first coughs, then fevers, chills and muscle aches -- and contacted our doctors on Monday. We were tested yesterday and just received the results a few minutes ago,
12005 It's a worry, particularly more so in America, where there are many more of them and also they won't go to hospitals. At least in this country they might be prepared to go to the NHS.
12006 Pandemics are followed by sustained periods -- over multiple decades -- of depressed investment opportunities.
12007 She does a lot of work on her throws,
12008 The ACCC considers that tools specialists, such as Adelaide Tools, are Bunnings' closest and strongest competitors for the supply of trade and outdoor power equipment.
12009 Regulation is difficult -- you make mistakes,
12010 We have received a number of urgent formal requests for authorisations from many sectors of the Australian economy. The ACCC stands ready to grant interim authorisations quickly when they are in the public interest.
12011 Many here today may disagree with our judgment calls,
12012 search engines should be proactive in identifying and preventing piracy on their platforms
12013 The significant declines in the circulation and revenue experienced by many magazines are sustained, substantial and likely to continue, resulting in less investment in content and fewer retail promotions,
12014 We're really fed up with these comparison sites misleading consumers and consumers thinking they're getting a better deal than they in fact are.
12015 We may not know when the gains from Consumer Data Right will kick in, but we can be certain they will be profound. Competition, consumers, and the economy will be benefit considerably,
12016 We've also been helping consumers with guidance around speed claims, transparency and competition through our Measuring Broadband Australia program, and taking enforcement action when needed.
12017 Value has been significantly challenged. I believe that is unlikely to continue,
12018 Then you'd probably ask some other logical questions like: `What are the other houses on the block going for? And the block next door? And the town next door? How relatively cheap is this house relative to other similar houses? '
12019 I thought everything that I read in the article made sense to me -- a formula to pick stocks sounded really good to me as well.
12020 We are gradually reopening our retail stores and will continue to do so as steadily and safely as we can.
12021 But we are looking at more terrifying scenarios, as the virus continues to spread longer and more globally, and the consequences of growth are more prolonged,
12022 Similarly, the State Bank of Pakistan has adopted a timely set of measures, including a lowering of the policy rate, new refinancing facilities to support the flow of credit, and temporary regulatory relief measures,
12023 We do expect it to be quite deep and we are very much urging countries to step up containment measures aggressively so we can shorten the duration of this period of time when the economy is in standstill,
12024 Since the COVID-19 pandemic began, the New York State Department of Labor's unemployment insurance filing system has faced an unprecedented increase in volume -- with peak weeks seeing a 16,000% increase in phone calls and a 1,600% increase in web traffic, compared to a typical week,
12025 not a major issue for now
12026 rest of the world is sluggish
12027 If we didn't have this synchronized monetary policy, growth would have been in the zone that, by IMF assessment, lingers into recession,
12028 The bleak outlook applies to advanced and developing economies alike,
12029 Demand will also fall due to higher uncertainty, increased precautionary behaviour, containment efforts, and rising financial costs that reduce the ability to spend. These effects will spill over across borders,
12030 Many factors drive inequality -- corruption, regressive taxes, intergenerational wealth -- but the connection between excessive financial deepening and inequality holds across countries.
12031 What we do know is that we have strong financial capacity to act now, and that speed of action is of (the) essence in the crisis that has moved so rapidly and is so deep,
12032 Growth slowdown in India is temporary and that it expects momentum to improve going ahead,
12033 [ The virus ] is going to affect the global value chains. It is already affecting tourism and travel,
12034 But we are not excluding that it might turn to be a different scenario like a U curve where the impact is somewhat longer,
12035 Global cooperation is essential to the containment of the Covid-19 and its economic impact, particularly if the outbreak turns out to be more persistent and widespread.
12036 Some say there is a trade-off between saving lives and saving livelihoods. I say it is a false dilemma. Given this is a pandemic crisis, defeating the virus and defending people's health are necessary for economic recovery.
12037 We have been monitoring the weather conditions. We got coastal rain on Saturday and just a few jobs,
12038 a constraint on economic activity that is unprecedented in postwar history
12039 U.S. exports of travel and transportation services to China -- travel and tourism by Chinese in the U.S. -- have grown substantially since [ SARS ],
12040 The crisis in Italy has also rekindled fears about a breakup of the single currency. In an environment with at least a residual focus on self-imposed constraints such as EU budget rules and ECB issuer limits, these fears could well grow further in coming weeks. But if the Euro area decided to view itself as an economic nation state -- at least for the time of the outbreak and its aftermath -- it would actually be in quite a strong position,
12041 raises the spectre of more adverse second-round effects on income and spending a bit further down the road.
12042 The sudden stop in U.S. economic activity in response to the virus is unprecedented, and the early data points over the last week strengthen our confidence that a dramatic slowdown is indeed already underway,
12043 are de minimis compared with the economic costs of its Brexit proposals
12044 Here's a little story' bout my friend Haim; Gave me a call about a hit, I said count me in (Ha ha).
12045 structured to reflect today's everchanging global music landscape
12046 I don't think at this point that anyone thinks the overall economic effect will be large, but for some industries there will be a noticeable impact,
12047 I hope Black women will consider voting for him. He is the candidate ready to bring our country together.
12048 It provides fodder for nationalists who favour greater protectionism and immigration controls.
12049 support for a variety of different terrorist groups.
12050 Some of our exercises have been modified or cancelled... but our forces remain ready,
12051 fully committed to protecting the Iraqi bases
12052 look into what can be done to provide more support and to speed up the support we provide.
12053 We will only stay in Iraq as long as we are welcomed.
12054 NATO started early to respond but what we did in the beginning is to implement preventative measures, protecting our missions and operations,
12055 Our aim is to resume that training as soon as possible,
12056 they decided the risk of not acting was greater than the risk of acting. That conversation occurred.
12057 was tortured for 358 days and was killed in police custody in 2009
12058 Can we freeze their assets and ban their visas?
12059 We close all aviation frequencies, with the exception of Aeroflot, which will continue flying to four Chinese cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong,
12060 We need more proactive thinking from airlines -- they can't imagine we will go back to the way they were before.
12061 25 standard deviations, several days in a row
12062 a small way to help a few people get back into society, get a job, get a license, get a house, and ease them back into society,
12063 both those that are members of the family of the convicted murderer and the family of the one who was murdered.
12064 a big part of our ministry,
12065 I am delighted to see so many of our young people engaged in agriculture arising from the Youth Employment in Agriculture initiative launched when I was minister to get the youth into agriculture as a business. From their innovations in the use of drones, food processing, packaging, transport and logistics and marketing, they are already unlocking the opportunities in agriculture,
12066 Like many of my colleagues and so many Americans, I hope that, after last night's strike, we may finally be on a trajectory of de-escalation with Iran -- after a week that saw tensions come far too close to boiling over. But when it comes to actions that could put the lives of our men and women in uniform at risk, it is crucial that we are dealing in fact.
12067 implement a Soviet-style takeover of our energy and our economy,
12068 Having said that, though, if we're evaluating the new NAFTA as a trade agreement -- which it is -- and we consider the new environmental enforcement tools that Democrats fought hard to include, this new NAFTA can work,
12069 Salman wanted to form a family with two wives. Samira, however, did not agree to his proposal and told Salman to marry Shabnur after divorcing her.
12070 three months, six months, even longer.
12071 With the recovery, there is a debate when that will happen,
12072 We could partially exit the lockdown, but if the population has little immunity and the rest of the world is the same, we could face a new wave of virus infections and a new period of lockdowns,
12073 But, these advancements do not get measured in our aggregate economic numbers.
12074 having two thousand dollars or thereabouts set aside in an emergency fund is a good, at least, first target if you don't have a fully topped-up emergency fund,
12075 Some researchers have noted that some people will initiate conversations after reading a book or watching a movie together that includes a family death as a springboard to a conversation,
12076 I share a room with two other people. The next room has four people, another room has a family. We all share one bathroom and a kitchen. We all try our best to maintain distance and cleanliness but it is difficult, as you can imagine.
12077 I would never go negative, I'm adverse to that idea,
12078 Is that something you want to test?
12079 Now the bank's non-performing loans stood at 38% at the end of December. The bank's credit should be riskless,
12080 There are some really good stories to tell and success breeds success,
12081 Our coming together does not mean the parties in this coalition have come to an end, no,
12082 Our legal team stands ready to go and make our case [ at court of appeal ],
12083 People only think about the stock market, but we face risk in every part of our life: What is the probability a car breaks down? Risk and risk management is not just about investing but unexpected things,
12084 We don't have the administrative systems to get $2.2 trillion into the economy in three weeks,
12085 Let's go. We are in this.
12086 for the loss of his or her natural inheritance
12087 I am extremely grateful for your example as a senior leader of setting priorities, remaining focused and working to achieve a work-life balance,
12088 I can hardly talk about it. I'm voting for them.
12089 The Democratic message is so overcaffeinated against Trump that it's overwhelming people who are already suffering from insomnia,
12090 I don't think we need Chinese support of any kind for our healthcare... Even if Indian firms produce at a higher cost, it doesn't matter,
12091 That's the best description, it's disturbing. I'm happy the commissioner's office is doing all they can to put a stop to this throughout baseball. But the work we did and the reasons why we are here are sort of player development. And that was the draft. That was international and that was the development of the players, and that is all irrelevant to the behaviors we are learning about.
12092 because these conditions won't go on for a full year.
12093 both sexist and ageist at the same time.
12094 location, the stability of the country, and the very favourable business environment that exists in that country
12095 have moved on from past issues,
12096 Health Problems as Determinants of Retirement: Are Self-Rated Measures Endogenous?
12097 No pub I'm indoors which is like a pub.
12098 That is me being kind I can be a lot worse.
12099 money back at the door
12100 It's just been booted around.
12101 When staff intervened, they started to fight with the staff causing cuts on the member of staff. Mr Shium Patel did not have any lasting injuries. CCTV captures Mr Starkey and Mr Gallagher fighting, windmilling down the store aisle.
12102 is that we get to do all the things every other f.... wants to do, but we can do it big time. You can go out with your mates and get smashed-but you have to work the next day. I can go on a five-day bender in a mint hotel, with the best drugs and have whatever I want. Who wants boring rock stars? You want to live vicariously through us. You don't want to hear me bleating about my pain, you want to see me out there living it large. Until it all goes t... up, and then no one wants to know. What sort of headf,... is that?
12103 New tune WONDERWASH c'm on you know LG x.
12104 Rigging has some intelligence. This scheme is by people who have no sense of intelligence.
12105 signing up for a newsletter or scheduling an appointment or downloading an app or booking a trip
12106 We expect most of the `Other Bet' companies to follow a process like that over time,
12107 We expect substantial opportunity in direct response and brand advertisers
12108 Calling for low interest rates would make him popular, and he understood low interest rate policies by the Fed would provide more stimulus,
12109 Long-run forces are lowering natural interest rates and causing monetary policymakers everywhere, not just in the U.S., to recalibrate their notion of what constitutes as a normal, sustainable interest rate policy.
12110 I think the good ideas that Medallion developed years ago have had very long legs because people stay at the firm. And they have a good reason to stay, because it's so profitable.
12111 problems are symptomatic of what all businesses will be struggling with in the not-so-distant future,
12112 But this seems unlikely as the administration continues to significantly downplay the severity of the crisis.
12113 would be for the Trump administration and Congress to agree to a large (at least $400 billion), well-thought-out fiscal stimulus package
12114 They now appear to realize recession is likely and have begun to talk about fiscal stimulus. They are too late to forestall a recession, but if they act aggressively they could cushion the blow for the downturn.
12115 That provides a bit of a firewall from what is happening in the rest of the economy,
12116 Given that the vehicle industry was critical to all of manufacturing, and failure of the industry would result in tens of millions more job losses, the federal government bailed it out,
12117 Housing is being buffeted by two gale forces moving in opposite directions,
12118 There's no analogue to it in the modern era.
12119 With the virus now shutting down travel, trade and many businesses, the global economy is expected to suffer with real GDP falling by 0.4 per cent.
12120 That means when there is a 50-point increase in API, the entire city has a reduction in productivity by 1.5 per cent. Considering cities today have millions of people, those are big numbers. This means that on high pollution days the entire city is less productive,
12121 These men and women report in effect that every day of life is a bad day,
12122 They're cooking everything else.
12123 Asking consumers to share personal data to get this information is morally reprehensible
12124 Brexit Divorce: Five Key Things the UK Must Navigate,
12125 But I do think it will start tapering off.
12126 It's important to step back from today's UI numbers and remember that this labor market crisis didn't have to happen. Due to failed leadership, we twice missed the chance to avert widespread job loss. Now policymakers must act to avoid greater damage.
12127 The way a recession can really hurt people just starting out can have lasting effects,
12128 Furloughing keeps workers connected. The worker will still get benefits. They don't lose their job. And companies don't lose their workers.
12129 In a worst-case scenario, it could trigger another financial crisis,
12130 The likeliest answer: the Great Recession left millennials looking for alternatives to capitalism, without the Cold War ideological guideposts that positioned older generations,
12131 the source of a mean tweet
12132 The speed of the deterioration is important because of the shock effect, and because it makes forecasting harder,
12133 Today, we have the underlying problem that we just don't know how long a time this shock is going to last,
12134 There are a lot of people out there wondering if they're serving their bodies well by the way they consume food, and this is a good opportunity to address some points,
12135 The disruption points to that fact so we need to think differently about logistics overall beyond whats going on with this event.
12136 Only four per cent of Canadians do order them on a regular basis,
12137 There's the burger joint, but there's also the Asian fusion restaurant that figured out something very specific that provides welfare to customers,
12138 We did not initiate the withdrawal from the agreement [ OPEC + deal ]. On the contrary, we proposed to extend the agreement on the existing terms, at least until the end of the second quarter or for a year, so as not to complicate the situation that has developed with the spread of coronavirus,
12139 export of a unique lump of natural emerald (grade 2, color category 1), weighting 1,010 grams.
12140 hen that lays golden eggs.
12141 We want to make sure that we've got a great market function and indeed that the economy has a great foundation for growth when activity resumes.
12142 We made a decision this week not to dip our toe in the water but rather make a decisive and clear move so that people get immediate impact... we believe we've done a lot there to cushion a blow,
12143 The risk of sustained deflation in Canada is low.
12144 Inflation for almost two years now has been very close to 2% and the economy has been very close to its capacity,
12145 We have an excellent team. I have confidence in that team. So I do not intend to delay my retirement date, no.
12146 We're trying to get to some people that haven't gotten any assistance yet, like gig workers and some of the hotel workers that we're still trying to do outreach to while maintaining support for our agencies that are closed to take care of those clients.
12147 You have to balance different sectors of the economy, and some are more sensitive than others. If they're deemed important to full employment, maybe the Fed is willing to tolerate some inflation to try to stimulate those sectors.
12148 [ I ] n the vast majority of companies in which a hedge fund activist is not agitating for change, the Big Three pay little attention to whether a company suffers from financial or business underperformance that might call for `fixing the management.
12149 He climbed on top of me and I tried to push myself to the back of the bed, I was reversing, trying to get away. He lay on top of me. I kept saying, `what are you doing, stop' but he didn't.
12150 The debate we are engaged in as a nation is about the future of all of us lucky enough to live in this diverse and vibrant country. It is a rare and precious moment in the history of Scotland - a once in a generation opportunity to chart a better way.
12151 I never thought I would be drinking shots with first minister.
12152 I would never, under any circumstances, be touching (the complainer) inappropriately. These are all public places. It would be insane to do anything like that. These claims are a fabrication.
12153 Whatever nightmare I've been in over the last two years, it is nothing compared to the nightmare that every single one of us is currently living through,
12154 Once we see things settle and people are sure the sky isn't falling, then we expect a lot of buyers will move from the sidelines and rush into the market with a lot more buying power than just a few months ago. So it may not only recover; it could boom,
12155 We also have lower unemployment, which is making it easier for potential home buyers to enter into long-term commitments such as purchasing a home.
12156 optimistic about the future of bitcoin when people finally realize how important it is for the global financial system.
12157 You're owning a piece of the protocol
12158 The range of potential scenarios is very large, spanning oil supply shocks or even oil demand destruction -- which would be negative to oil prices.
12159 Then I sent them a mail to confirm and I was informed that they are not holding it right now,
12160 One of the first things that the BJP government tried to do on coming to power was to capture the universities. They put handpicked people of the RSS as vice-chancellors in a whole range of universities. JNU, Santiniketan.... The idea was they would infiltrate the teachers' association, the students' union and thereby break the unity of the students. But they have not succeeded.... So, Parliament, judiciary, media, all these institutions have been reduced to a role of simply rubber-stamping the BJP government's decisions. One institution that has actually held out is the universities,
12161 We might see a double bottom,
12162 Whatever challenges, whatever memorandum, whatever tips they give we immediately pass on to our schools for implementation and for compliance,
12163 shall be subject to a mandatory self-quarantine for 14 days from the date of arrival in the Philippines.
12164 We are trying to solve the problem of learners whose classes have been suspended by negotiating with the local governments involved, the governors, mayors and so on so they can identify spaces where they can put up temporary shelters for the evacuees so the students can go back to school,
12165 Good news, early this morning, nag-text sa akin si Sec. Duque, na ang resulta ng test ko, sa akin lamang, ay negative (Sec. Duque texted me saying my test result was negative)... This is the first public announcement,
12166 will continue to monitor closely the consequences for the economy of the spreading coronavirus.
12167 Chinese are educated to be ready to make personal sacrifices for the country. However, it's unnecessary and unethical to ask [ millions of ] people to make this sacrifice in an ill-prepared region.
12168 While feeding themselves is not a problem to many Chinese nowadays, eating novel food or parts from rare animals or plants has become a measure of identity to some people.
12169 Determinants of the real interest rate
12170 Given that attempts to create new opportunities for U.S. exporters by changing rules and policies haven't been overwhelmingly successful in recent years, I can see why the administration might feel that setting out targets and asking a state-dominated economy to meet those targets is a way to do it,
12171 I don't see it running too low either.
12172 This might mean a larger negative impact on growth in China in the near term but perhaps a less protracted one,
12173 I gave him information, (but) I didn't give him all of the information
12174 If we are to spearhead the energy transition, we must be an example for doing so in the most sustainable way, and this involves making sustainability part of everything we do,
12175 It's important the party truly support women and those from minority backgrounds to stand for both committees or else people are likely to assume they're engaging in tokenism.
12176 The current growth rate of the economy is not just a bubble driven by post-earthquake reconstruction.
12177 They took the risk in life to be an entrepreneur. Being an entrepreneur means sometimes you make too much and sometimes... you will make losses,
12178 We ran during the Second World War budget deficits in excess of 20 percent of GDP five years on the trot and that was the right thing to do.
12179 When one bought a little place to live earlier, at least the interest was tax deductible. Now there is no relief on interest. This will have a serious impact on the housing industry, which -- in turn -- will affect agricultural income spending because construction labour comes from rural areas. They will not come anymore,
12180 The Kolkata office is second largest of RBI with its jurisdiction spread over West Bengal, Sikkim and Andaman and Nicobar Islands, yet vacancies have reduced sharply to 11, gives a sense of discrimination from a pan-India institution,
12181 They (trade bodies) are aware that the state could not help by slashing tax rates after the GST was introduced. Perhaps that is why we are receiving requests for supportive assistance. I can say I heard all the issues, but I can't promise anything right at this moment,
12182 We have not yet received Rs 37,973 crore from the Centre on account of the centrally sponsored schemes. This fiscal, the Centre has reduced West Bengal's share by Rs 11,000 crore in tax devolution. On the other hand, revenue from the Central cesses and surcharges (which are not required to be shared with states) have increased three fold in the last five years,
12183 As a result, the Soviet Union lost approximately $20 billion per year, money without which the country simply could not survive.
12184 at the heart of the growth process.
12185 I always like mine with extra sauce.
12186 I have been summoned to Sibsagar, Jorhat, places I have never even heard the names of. I was born here 102 years ago, and I have been here ever since
12187 if we're not going to get that legislation anytime soon what can we do that might be acceptable to get going right away?
12188 Losses were trivial in the bigger picture
12189 Reported US cases continue to accelerate as the pace of testing is ramped up, and the virus continues to spread. The number of daily US deaths is likely to rise for several more weeks, at least. City lock-downs are spreading, so the rate of increase of new infections ought to start slowing by early April,
12190 The problem is when one wheel fell off,
12191 U.S. inflation remains muted,
12192 I am not today concerned about the inverted yield curve,
12193 The disruption [ in China ] could spill over to the rest of the global economy,
12194 Wealth is both a cause and effect of investment. That is why it is important for us to focus on wealth creation,
12195 The corporate cost of borrowing now exceeds the GDP growth rate by more than four percentage points,
12196 It's much more uncertain and much more unusual. How quickly unemployment has shot up, how quickly businesses have shut down. In this crisis, every big economy has been hit very badly, and it is transmitting to all other nations,
12197 Not having diagnosed the illness of the patient, the doctor is helpless. The least the doctor can do is to say, I am sorry. We made a mistake, will Manmohan Singh come and advise us,
12198 TBS-II (the second wave of the twin balance sheet) crisis is the reason for the current economic troubles,
12199 When there are large firms whose financial statements are not dependable, it creates ripple effects, affecting the credibility of statements of other firms too. If wealth had not been eroded by wilful defaulters, we could have spent almost double on the social sectors.
12200 will be the ones that will have higher numbers of hospitalizations, higher numbers of deaths and where many of the resources should be concentrated.
12201 Resumption of large infrastructure projects such as the Mass Rapid Transit, Pan Borneo, Light Rail Transit Line 3, Gemas-Johor Baru electric double-tracking rail project and East Coast Rail Link are expected to contribute around 100 basis points this year,
12202 We had a scheduled Presidential Council session in China in late March, but we decided against taking the risks and relocated it,
12203 We will always be in the market to maintain liquidity,
12204 Although automation threatens to deepen existing disparities in the U.S., it also offers an opportunity to boost productivity and upgrade jobs,
12205 CGRP inhibitors act as speed bumps, in that they block the flow of CGRP to the brain, disrupting the signal that causes migraines,
12206 Iran was totally unprepared for the return of sanctions,
12207 It seems very clear to me that Republicans and conservatives faced a genuine extinction event back in 2007 and 2008, w hen not only didn't they anticipate a truly menacing housing and credit bubble that was building up that various others were warning about, but when those bubbles burst they seemed paralyzed because of this extreme anti-government ideology that had swept over the entire party and nearly the entire conservative movement.
12208 I would agree with you on the importance of translation,
12209 It's not because you don't have employers; it's because employers can't find workers,
12210 Protectionism and also things like populism tend to surface the most when the pie stops growing. When the pie either starts growing much more slowly or begins to even shrink. It's when we see you know, the nationalistic tendencies, the populist tendencies, the protectionist attitude resurface,
12211 Rival platforms were available from Samsung, Sony, and others,
12212 Surprising thing is that coming at a time when everybody is disturbed about a slowdown, the word slowdown is not used at all in almost three-hour-long speech. There was no discussion on how the Budget is going to attack slowdown,
12213 We are probably going to hit our peak anywhere from April 4 and April 10,
12214 [ Qantas ] deserve public support but I'd rather it be something managed together rather than injections of cash all the time... and, dare I say it, the industry super funds could be part of a solution as an investor.
12215 In 1989, I was a pedestrian struck by a vehicle on the sidewalk and I had to personally get a lawyer and sue for everything, including my broken glasses and my clothes that were damaged.
12216 In an ideal world, policy makers would maximise the confidence impact and efficacy of their measures by announcing all of them fast and jointly,
12217 reduces the immediate disruption but could allow the virus to spread further for longer
12218 Markets are currently assuming that this does not get out of hand, but I am concerned that the whole of the Middle East has become a lot more complex in the last few months,
12219 Some observers may initially view the ECB package as somewhat underwhelming. However, the long-term liquidity injections with a rate 25 basis points below the deposit rate can be seen as a rate cut in disguise,
12220 Sometimes it takes something like this to refocus their attention on potential downsides.
12221 the smooth functioning of markets for Treasury securities and agency mortgage-backed securities [ are ] central to the flow of credit to households and businesses.
12222 fewer listings in what's already a housing shortage environment.
12223 it is difficult to predict what short-term effects the pandemic will have on future sales.
12224 While it is with a heavy heart that we temporarily close our John Lewis shops, our partners will, where possible, be taking on important roles in supporting their fellow partners, providing critical services in Waitrose shops and ensuring our customers can get what they need through Johnlewis.com, which is seeing extremely strong demand.
12225 Data is the raw material for Industry 4.0 and a prerequisite for optimizing production with the help of artificial intelligence. At OMP, we are developing a semantic model that makes data understandable and illustrates its relations and dependencies. Users no longer receive cryptic, incomprehensible numbers and characters, but production-relevant information including their context. This semantic data structure ensures improvements along the entire value chain and makes AI-based business models possible on a large scale,
12226 For this reason, industrial AI has to be safe, robust, and explainable.
12227 I don't want to talk about the personal. Because we need to move beyond the personal tragedies, otherwise it would be a competition of victimhood. My emphasis has always been about let us find ways to see Kashmiris as a collective have been victims over all, amongst other things competing nationalisms.
12228 If the full benefits of reduced oil prices passed on consumers, the prices of petrol would have fallen close to Rs100 per litre in the domestic market,
12229 A lot of meetings like this take place,
12230 There has never been a famine in a functioning multiparty democracy. A free press and the practice of democracy contribute greatly to bringing out information that can have an enormous impact on policies for famine prevention.
12231 About 5.30 pm on Friday 7 February, a man attended a photography business on Gardeners Road, and stole a painting-with an estimated value between $10,000 and $12,000 - from the foyer before leaving the store,
12232 Don't exercise, because increasing your physical activity increases your respiratory rate, and consequently, your smoke exposure. If you have air conditioning it should be running so the filtering can improve the indoor air quality.
12233 Each kits has a week's ration,
12234 If members feel same-sex attraction and are striving to live the law of chastity, leaders support and encourage them in their resolve. These members may receive Church callings, hold temple recommends, and receive temple ordinances if they are worthy.
12235 If the business is able to maintain its employees through June 30th, the entire loan could potentially be forgiven.
12236 just how deep the crisis the CDU faces, it is divided like never before
12237 inaccurate information and attempting to imbue it with authority by misappropriating the names of those in a position of trust.
12238 So no Jews, Atheists, Muslims, Hindus, Mormons, Sikhs allowed in Space Force?
12239 What we should have done so that in the Ghanaian minds, the people who have stolen people's Fixed Deposits, were taken to trial to let people know that the issues are connected. This is because we had some pensioners funds were put on deposits with some of these so-called distress banks. They are now being asked to go to the Receivers to collect the monies.
12240 economics which you can put on the blackboard, in which you study an imaginary system. It's not empirically based at all. It's not concerned with what really happens. It's what you imagine could happen and what you imagined didn't happen... That's called blackboard economics. It's something you can put on the blackboard but that doesn't exist.
12241 For me, this was a love letter to my grandmother,
12242 real life f *** ing Jew-perhero.
12243 I am trying to make Missouri a mecca for musical composition.
12244 The trade/current account deficit tells you nothing about an economy's strength, weakness, or purchasing power,
12245 We are thrilled that someone of James Patterson's stature, international acclaim, and generosity has agreed to share his insights with our graduates,
12246 a pillar of the Cabinet
12247 From 1933, he was bombarding Jawaharlal Nehru with ideas on a Constituent Assembly. Gandhi was not enamoured. Only Nehru agreed,
12248 cat was now out of the bag
12249 Chinese tourists have a growing appetite for in-depth and experience-oriented travel,
12250 In addition to a large number of deaths from COVID-19, the epidemic in the U.S. will place a load well beyond the current capacity of hospitals to manage, especially for ICU care,
12251 I've believed that expansions end usually with tight monetary policy or credit problems. And I think what we're doing is definitely borrowing from the future, and will probably end badly as the `07 period did. But that could be years
12252 Since manufacturers need to activate their entire supply chain to produce, they should be encouraged to plan on how the entire chain will reopen. The administrative structure to approve these plans and facilitate movement for those approved should be effective and quick-it needs to be thought through now,
12253 focussed more on fulfilling its political and social agenda rather than paying attention to the economic growth
12254 we didn't manage to the stop the Brexit bus
12255 As every economist knows, inflation -- not a budget deficit -- is the tell-tale sign of an economy that is under pressure from excessive spending. If prices aren't accelerating, you don't have an inflation problem. And if you don't have an inflation problem, you don't have a spending problem.
12256 It's normal and customary for governments to run deficits,
12257 Disaster happened with Carillion and it will happen again if changes aren't made now,
12258 if the unemployment rate rises to 5.5% and remains there
12259 It's better that we save this kind of ammunition until the moment we can use it,
12260 Lebanon is already living on borrowed time. The GDP has been said to have shrunk to $44 billion from $50 billion, many businesses are closing and laying off workers and Lebanon's foreign exchange reserves are drying up,
12261 Part of me wanted the fairy tale. But I think you can have it without taking yourself out of the decision,
12262 Option B: Facing Adversity, Building Resilience, Finding Joy,
12263 The U.K. is a world leader in both innovation and creativity,
12264 The places that have done well in controlling and counting properly the victims of this pandemic are countries that have small, efficient governments, and free market economies. You look at Singapore, Hong Kong, they're right up there,
12265 We're thrilled to welcome someone of Todd Ruppert's stature to the Phunware team.
12266 What President Guaid, the majority of the Venezuelan people and the international community are calling for, is free and fair presidential elections. There will be no solution to the crisis if there is no regime change.
12267 When hospitals merge, they no longer have to compete with each other for patients. That means they are freer to raise prices,
12268 By focussing purely on his white ball game, we believe Alex can become a really consistent match-winner for Kent.
12269 It's a fine line. And it's authoritarianism either way,
12270 Of course, wasting these $100 million was going to have little effect,
12271 There is a complex relationship between the path of the virus, the effectiveness of virus containment and economic support policies, and the behavior of the private sector,
12272 This signature will create mental mechanisms which will consist in respecting the commitment to avoid a form of cognitive dissonance
12273 What followed the 1918 flu pandemic was the Roaring '20s, which sparked a decade of great city-building.
12274 Ed was identifying the factors driving that, this whole idea that cities are not only places of production, but places of consumption.
12275 Don't expect the economy to be bullish in the first quarter.
12276 refuge to hundreds of Muslims who fled when the militant mobs were on rampage.
12277 To date, there's no real evidence of transmission from one passenger to another passenger, despite the fact we know there are instances where people have flown and travelled even when already sick with a fever,
12278 Our approach to fighting the pandemic starts from something more fundamental: in a liberal democracy you have to convince and not command people into action. If you lose that principle, you will lose your soul... Perhaps Tegnell and his team will turn out to be wrong.... But their point is that the people deserve policies that work for longer than a month.
12279 our normal way of life and doing business,
12280 COVID-19 is causing health emergencies and economic disruptions that no single stakeholder can address,
12281 I wish to extend a very cordial welcome to the annual meeting 2020,
12282 People are revolting against the economic `elites' they believe have betrayed them, and our efforts to keep global warming limited to 1.5 degrees celcius are falling dangerously short,
12283 I am in Delhi. It's just a coincidence that I reached Delhi with the BJP and Congress MLAs. I am with the government.
12284 Interest rate cuts may not be effective in an environment of fear where consumers are required, or simply inclined, to stay at home,
12285 They never respond to letters and claim they are too busy. Yes, they have duties to fulfil, cabinet ministers can be busy, but they must not forget they are there to serve the public as they were chosen by the public,
12286 This act will buy you essential time to build critical capacities and plan ahead,
12287 Pakistan's economy, like the airplane, has crashed 13 times in the last 60 years, each time requiring an IMF bailout. It wasn't always so. During the 1980s, in per capita terms, Pakistan was richer than India, China and Bangladesh by 15, 38 and 46 per cent. Today Pakistan is the poorest.
12288 The key is what can we do to make sure that we accelerate the recovery? The danger is that the recovery is too slow and then too many people stay unemployed. So, we need to accelerate as much as we can.
12289 When there is a crisis like this of this magnitude, what happens is a lot of companies are in trouble. So, we're doing everything to soften the blow there.
12290 When we decide how much to redistribute, how progressive the tax should be, the thinking is: I'm putting some weight on everyone in the economy, measuring how much I value $1 given to Dylan, $1 given to Stefanie,
12291 I'm disappointed to see this complaint filed against my office and our movement,
12292 really needs to see an imminent and significant improvement in the UK data
12293 as soon as the end of January
12294 urban minorities who attend Catholic schools can expect higher graduation rates from college and higher future wages.
12295 China's presence in the global economy has become very large,
12296 I am so honored to be on stage with what I would say is a true profile in courage,
12297 If Miss Queen Ruby wishes to run away, good riddance. Damn tramp is dead to me anyway. And make that bastard stop crying!
12298 Madeline L'Engle was among the first author's to look at the deep, delicate issues confronting young people-loss, social conformity and love. The novel accomplishes all of this while sharing a grand adventure through space and time in a battle of good versus evil. Ultimately, the story celebrates the power of love, for one another as well as for oneself, as a tremendous force against the evil in our world - and that's a story we all need to be reminded of.
12299 Our job now is look for ways to expand banks' balance sheet, to create a mortgage market that would allow us to increase demand-side funding for housing,
12300 we thought that we search Google, but now we understand that Google searches us
12301 why markets work so well
12302 Demand for emergency financing is huge,
12303 Ideally, the United States wants to follow the trajectory of Hong Kong, Singapore, or Japan. Even South Korea shows a very important flattening of the curve. The United States is the only country that shows a concave curve, which is, how you say, not good.
12304 There are reasons to think this could be as bad as the Great Depression if we don't get the response right,
12305 It certainly sent mixed messages to Iran,
12306 People much smarter than myself, they think that the peak won't be for at least 2 to 4 weeks,
12307 The third one is about building data and not just for you. It is about collecting your data through the interactions you have with your customers and figuring out who do I partner or collaborate with that would benefit from the data, but primarily also benefit my customer. For example, John Deere invited fertilizer companies to use the data and felt okay about sharing its profit with them. Most importantly, it realised that the farms will be better for my customers. And when they started doing that, suddenly there was a real connection, everybody benefited, including some startup companies who could actually work with real farmers on the field through John Deere. So the key there is to build an ecosystem. I call it in my book `In the action field' . Amazon is also an ecosystem but mostly it takes the share. That's not good, it needs to change and it will change.
12308 About one acquisition a month seems like the pace that makes sense for us,
12309 I don't think Bernie or the other Democratic candidates are wrong that we are in a historical abnormality of tax giveaways to high-income people and big corporations. The question is: Is it conceivable to get $20 trillion of taxes just from high-income people?
12310 Now we have to use the economic power we have. For example, understand that 10 to 20 per cent of GDP comes from public procurement.
12311 that moves a plot along and provides motivation for the characters, but is itself unimportant
12312 How many new eyes will this put on #btc? If you just lost a fortune in stocks, cramming funds into a low market cap investment like #bitcoin could be the fastest way to recover.
12313 Opening up the economy to a wide range of interaction with the global economy will be part of a strategy that would lead to an increasing potential growth of India,
12314 We don't know if derivatives are diffusing risk or concentrating it. The risk of something systemic happening is rising.
12315 The good thing is the free food. It is a very important and necessary measure,
12316 There's been a lot of fanfare about bringing back Indians stranded abroad -- a few relatively well-off people,
12317 The period during which the country grew at high GDP growth rates like nine%, the exports-to-GDP ratio was 20%. But now with developed countries resorting to protectionism and after the collapse of the WTO, contribution of exports to GDP in a large way does not seem possible
12318 They never raised the standard of these castes,
12319 Farm day has been getting more popular each year, with 2019's attendance reaching over 3500 people,
12320 government would follow the market
12321 If anything, the trade deficit has increased. Distressed areas have not recovered. Inequality is still appalling. But this is no reason to overlook the positives. Assessment, rather than denial, is needed to shed light on what is happening.
12322 Our new Software Testing Subscription service is designed to provide a flexible and affordable solution to this problem while promoting consistency in software testing.
12323 We've seen it over the centuries,
12324 The Benefits of a Progressive Consumption Tax,
12325 A key takeaway for negotiators and countries is that they should build on what they produced in Madrid, rather than view it as a bad deal that we managed to avoid,
12326 For example, abolishing the marketing boards, which was said by the Washington consensus, but we now know that was why agriculture was doing well. Because at least it provided some stability for farm prices and farmers could be guaranteed a market,
12327 It is precipitating people into total despair and it's the destruction of the institutional fabric, the collapse of schools and hospitals which are closed down, the legal system disintegrating, borders are redefined. Essentially this stage, which goes beyond impoverishment, is the transformation of countries into territories and we see it occurring in the Middle East. The objective for Iraq and Libya and Yemen is certainly to transform a country into a territory, and then you recolonize it. You're in a very different environment to that which has prevailed until recently.
12328 We can only hope that the spread of the disease will slow, giving developed countries enough time to help their poorer counterparts once they've won the battle at home. But we have every reason to be concerned.
12329 Back in 2015, the economy was facing a downcycle, but now it has bounced back from the low point and we expect it to recover.
12330 Bringing together diverse perspectives through this consortium would allow for this holistic review; but to achieve this we need the public and private sector to collaborate.
12331 Our decision and its magnitude seeks to do this in the near term.
12332 If someone is not infected or already immune, he or she should be able to move about and work freely,
12333 Our main aim is to provide children with a new perspective and give them the means to make a difference to students and society. In this regard, we are writing to government schools so that we can take the buses to them,
12334 Tomorrow (Tuesday) new tests will take place in Madrids. The patient has been quarantined.
12335 Finance Minister Anton Siluanov noted that the stable administration of the budget and the current resources make it possible for the state to guarantee observance of all social liabilities, including the implementation of national projects, as well as to preserve the macroeconomic and financial stability even in conditions of continuing low oil prices,
12336 that this is not the plague, this is not the end of the world and to keep calm.
12337 There are no transitions here. The whole thing is all in one piece
12338 to pay for education, on roads, for clean water,
12339 relentless U.S. daily pressure on multilateralism.
12340 When you get to $50 (oil) with a wide differential, you're into the danger zone for companies.
12341 I am here to say that we are happy with the changes in Sudan and public is interested in that as well,
12342 The Fed might want to be more specific about what it would be looking to see in the economy before it contemplated raising interest rates,
12343 This competition was, for them, maybe the start of the beginning of their old normality.
12344 because of their personal conduct,
12345 If the dispute is allowed to go on and the selection of the petitioner is not considered latest by August 2020, as six months' tenure is necessary for being considered for the post of DGP, the petitioner will be left out of the entire selection process even after succeeding before the tribunal,
12346 International students bring a lot of diversity to the campus. They bring a lot of skills,
12347 It has been a personal mission to ensure that the hall was delivered to specification, for the benefit of the students at the AAU. Success brings with it the duty to give back, and I am just grateful that I am now in a position to meaningfully help the next generation.
12348 not hit an absolute bottom yet,
12349 I think it's a mistake. People should have gold and this may be a good time to increase holdings in gold -- in fact I'm thinking that myself,
12350 one of the weapons we have in the fight against terrorism is to train local forces, enabling them to fight terrorism themselves. Prevention is better than intervention.
12351 on developments in the Middle East.
12352 North Macedonia is now part of the NATO family.
12353 It is a very difficult situation and Taliban must honor their commitment. We need to see reduction in violence,
12354 NATO fully respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Iraq,
12355 We are in close consultation with the Iraqi government on the possibility of expanding, scaling up, doing more,
12356 Europe and North America are indispensable partners-two sides to the same coin. Together, we are half of the world's military might and half of the world's economic might,
12357 to stop their offensive, to respect international law and to back U.N efforts for a peaceful solution.
12358 to go heavy-in and train
12359 Allies are prepared to continue to support Turkey and explore what more to do,
12360 We have suspended our training mission now because of the security situation on the ground, but we are ready to restart the training when the situation on the ground makes that possible,
12361 I condemn the Iranian missile attacks on US and coalition forces in Iraq. NATO calls on Iran to refrain from violence.
12362 I condemn the Iranian missile attacks on U.S. and coalition forces in Iraq. NATO calls on Iran to refrain from further violence.
12363 People are going to be buying less of everything. The stock market is down and wiping out people's nest eggs,
12364 If the Senate takes testimony from witnesses, and the testimony is damming for the president and it looks like the Senate is beginning to turn, then investors will react,
12365 If job growth remains roughly where it is, I think we're in pretty good shape.
12366 in particular experienced an outsized increase in jobs,
12367 There are many large multinationals with strong balance sheets and little debt, but there are also many highly leveraged companies that will likely face a Hobson's choice-make their debt payments in a timely way or cut payrolls and investment. Either way the economy will suffer,
12368 I don't think it will come back as strong as before. I think it's going to take a while,
12369 More financial pain is quickly coming as layoffs mount, businesses curtail investment and retirement nest eggs evaporate,
12370 The coronavirus has been a body blow to the Chinese economy, which now threatens to take out the entire global economy,
12371 I don't think a lump sum works, at least for most homeowners,
12372 We will expand credit products already developed for small companies and will significantly simplify requirements for participation in the preferential lending program for this purpose,
12373 logical extension of the president and the government's policies to battle the coronavirus.
12374 There is already a limited movement of citizens from China across our border. Patients with a dangerous virus were isolated, doctors provide them with all the help they need,
12375 We need to ensure the fastest construction of these centers in order for our military medicine to be ready to deal with the (coronavirus) infection,
12376 We have to do everything to protect our people.
12377 Woke capitalism, in short, was the dominant motif at Davos 2020.
12378 the most pressing example today
12379 you all make a difference in the lives of Soldiers because every time we build partner capacity that is one less deployment, that is one less opportunity for Soldiers to go in to harm's way.
12380 Given the cultural politics in the state of Utah, if there were a spike in excommunications, we would have heard about it,
12381 we need to hold our ground, we need to continue on sustainment, building those relationships in more than one country, Kenya is one example. Build those relationships, sustain those relationships, and continue to build partner capacity.
12382 Given its unparalleled global reputation, strong board, dedicated staff, bold explorers and storytellers, and new partnership with Disney through National Geographic Partners, the society has never been better positioned to pursue its mission.
12383 I am so thrilled to take on this leadership role at the National Geographic Society at this exciting time,
12384 I think this is an exceptional buying opportunity.
12385 And my nightmare was you have this virus that replicates and infects incredibly rapidly.
12386 Now we have recognized the urgency, because we know the window to act [ on climate change ] is closing,
12387 We look forward to the Annual Meeting 2020 being a breakthrough moment for climate change. Our participants making a commitment to help tackle this urgent issue is in line with the stakeholder imperative of the 2020 Davos Manifesto and the theme of the 50th World Economic Forum Annual Meeting: Stakeholders for a Cohesive and Sustainable World,
12388 Davos was always conceived as a platform for stakeholders,
12389 a `do-shop,' not a `talk-shop' .
12390 a target to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 or sooner.
12391 The bleak outlook applies to advanced and developing economies alike. This crisis knows no boundaries. Everybody hurts,
12392 We are still at the point of quite a lot of uncertainty,
12393 I can't emphasise enough the urgency of stepping up health-related measures -- and the need to ensure the production of medical supplies so that supply is at par with demand,
12394 The time for women is turning in the Middle East. If we are to just bring the MENA to par with the more advanced economies, over the (coming) years, there would be $1 trillion more in output for everybody to share. So, we are talking about very significant improvements.
12395 It is going to affect the global value chains. It is already affecting tourism and travel,
12396 systematic reliance on fiscal tools
12397 We are still hoping that the impact will be a V-shaped curve
12398 We are safer but not safe enough.
12399 The facility will fill a critical gap in the Fund's toolkit and help to facilitate a more efficient allocation of resources,
12400 This crisis will test whether the change made in the wake of the financial crisis will serve their purpose,
12401 It is way worse than the global financial crisis,
12402 Be we are also looking at more dire scenarios where the spread of the virus continues for longer and more globally, and the growth consequences are more protracted,
12403 But it doesn't mean that uncertainty about Brexit has been eliminated altogether, because we are only at the end of the beginning of Brexit,
12404 It is very important moment for Argentina to put in place policies that are going to stabilize the economy, lead to successful debt restructuring and respond to the expectations of people that those who are the most vulnerable not be left out,
12405 We don't want accountability and transparency to take a back seat.
12406 Zhong Guo jia you, Wuhan jia you!
12407 they're working very hard to contain the epidemic, they have brought US$ 115 billion equivalent liquidity so they can perk up the economy,
12408 The priority now is to get the RFI in motion and there will be a board meeting soon that will discuss, assess and provide guidance on next steps,
12409 based on the restart of factories and production in China
12410 We are all here. Everybody is here,
12411 as we did during the Global Financial Crisis.
12412 We are confident that the ECB will make the right call in response to coronavirus,
12413 The irony is that post-trade infrastructure hasn't really evolved at all.
12414 While new risks could emerge, none of the main sources of recent recessions -- oil shocks, inflationary overheating, and financial imbalances -- seem too concerning for now. As a result, the prospects for a soft landing look better than widely thought.
12415 We agree with this point,
12416 You become a bit more of a slave to the format,
12417 a mosaic of everything they had
12418 Distributors won't play around with prices if the situation lasts a few days,
12419 It's our pursuit for convenience,
12420 The fine art of non-panic buying in the age of COVID-19
12421 I think people want sustainability and they want good environmental stewardship until they have to pay for it,
12422 It's more the well-known brands that we know,
12423 Financial regulators and the Australian Government are working closely together to help ensure that Australia's financial markets continue to operate effectively and that credit is available to households and businesses,
12424 The unemployment rate is also expected to decline, which should give people the confidence to spend. So it is reasonable to expect that things improve from here, although it is hard to be precise about how much longer this period of balance sheet adjustment will continue.
12425 It certainly remains the case that a further reduction in interest rates would help with the balance sheet adjustment by households with existing debt, which should help bring forward the day that consumption strengthens,
12426 The difference in interest rates between new and outstanding variable home loans increases with the age of the loan.
12427 Australian governments and business can borrow at the lowest rates of since Australia became a federation.
12428 considerable support to the Australian economy
12429 It is also helping our trade-exposed industries through the exchange rate channel.
12430 trading liquidity has deteriorated in some markets
12431 I wish I could give you the answer... I don't have a crystal ball.
12432 Assuming the unemployment rate rises 0.1% per month, the earliest the RBA would cut is in June assuming a 5.5% print in May is considered a material deterioration,
12433 I certainly understand that having interest rates at very low levels has unsettled some people,
12434 It's pure politics top to bottom which has nothing to do with anything meritorious other than the idea of temporary advantage in some geopolitical contests and contexts,
12435 The poor need to be prioritised. We need to reduce income inequality, that is priority,
12436 The voice option is the only way in which dissatisfied customers or members can react whenever the exit option is unavailable,
12437 This decision by council doesn't mean this neighborhood is now in dire straights, what it means is that they put this stipulation in there that before anything happens it comes back to council creates that level of safety and that level of compromise,
12438 We are not global health experts. The WHO is, so we are relying on the WHO to tell us what information they believe will lead to imminent harm and that information comes down, and it comes down if anyone in the world says it.
12439 This Valentine's Day, my wish is that half of candlelit dinners are prepared by men and half of proposals are made by women. And that Prince Charmings send their horses back to the barn.
12440 As Bono sang, `There is no end to grief... and there is no end to love.' I love you, Dave.
12441 You're either dating the wrong person or you're not giving him credit for being the right person,
12442 We are taking down any harmful misinformation on the coronavirus,
12443 They've been calling their grandparents very regularly. They've been calling other adults in their life. Give everyone something they can do to help someone else,
12444 We have approved this interim authorisation as a matter of urgency given the challenges to the health and medical system from this unprecedented pandemic.
12445 If prices are going up and there's no change in margin at supermarkets or wholesalers and it's all benefiting farmers, that's OK. I don't think anybody's going to begrudge the farmers making a bit more money at the moment or recovering past losses.
12446 They prioritise those people who pay the largest commission on their website. Therefore, the consumers are getting directed to advertisers which most benefit Trivago rather than advertisers which most benefit consumers.
12447 We are pleased to see that speeds have generally improved, however, we need more action from NBN Co and RSPs so that all consumers can access their full NBN plan speeds,
12448 We're always interested in consolidation,
12449 The future state of competition without a merger is uncertain. But we know that competition is lost when incumbents acquire innovative new competitors.
12450 World oil prices have plummeted, with prices just over $20 a barrel. As an oil importer, this is good news for the Australian economy,
12451 While Melbourne Airport has reduced its car parking prices, and profits generally have fallen, the airports are still earning very high profit margins from car parking,
12452 We will now carefully consider the judgment,
12453 ensure price fixing is not allowed, and guard against anti-competitive consequences. And when the crisis is over authorisation can be revoked
12454 Growth in the Middle East and Central Asia region is expected at 2.8 per cent in 2020 - 0.1 percentage point lower than in the October, but the growth will firm up to 3.2 per cent in 2021. The downgrade for 2020 mostly reflects a downward revision to Saudi Arabia's projection on expected weaker oil output growth following the Opec + decision in December to extend supply cuts,
12455 In India, relative to the numbers we had projected in October, the first two fiscal quarters of the fiscal year 2019-20 (that) came in much weaker than expected. An important reason for this is the stress in the financial sector, particularly in the non-bank financial sector, because of which there has bee a sharp slowing of credit growth.
12456 We would hope there would be a more comprehensive deal between the U.S. and China as the months go by,
12457 For a country like Nepal where the tourism is an important source of revenue, this is a big hit. Because the sector that has been most hit during the crisis is travel, tourism, hospitality and entertainment,
12458 we must all prepare for an attack by the government
12459 The health crisis is, therefore, having a severe impact on economic activity. As a result of the pandemic, the global economy is projected to contract sharply by minus 3 percent in 2020, much worse than during the 2008-09 financial crisis,
12460 I DEMAND an oasis reunion after this is all over all money going to NHS c'm on you know As we were LG x.
12461 Let me tell you this: it has been offered and he knows about it. He's obviously gon na say no, because he'd like to be the person to break the news to people because he's the fucking oracle. And obviously I'm his little brother, who's doing well and I'm here to spoil the fucking party.
12462 snide c *** s are up to something
12463 The people have his number,
12464 I'll be asking the old boys I'm sure Rkid won't let the new chaps.
12465 the video encapsulates the message of the song - a nostalgic yearning for a once-in-a-lifetime moment that can't ever be replicated. But it's also a celebration of everything that was achieved.
12466 make any more fans or money
12467 My preference would be to wait for the stress tests, but different people can have different opinions about that.
12468 How things play out really are going to depend on the course of the virus,
12469 I have been kind of forecasting inflation to go up to 2% for quite a while and we have been undershooting,
12470 The virus' near-term effects on the supply side of the economy, including the reduction in activity from closures, reduced social interactions, cuts in travel and tourism, and disruptions in supply chains, are not things that can be affected by lowering interest rates,
12471 The figure shows initial unemployment insurance claims over the last 50-plus years,
12472 There's no reason to wait a week because you can start getting those benefits as soon as possible,
12473 Less than 30% of workers can work from home,
12474 Under the latest numbers, EPI expects a loss of around 14 millions jobs by the summer even with a congressional relief package factored in. The economist part of me is totally freaked out about what this means for working people. In the coming weeks, millions are going to be laid off and [ unemployment insurance ] systems are just crashing. It absolutely will be possible for some [ to be retrained in in-demand fields. ] Some people will luck out and get those jobs, but there will still be millions lost.
12475 I have been a labor economist for a very long time and I have never seen anything like this,
12476 a really meaningful part of wage growth for low-wage workers. That is absolutely, undeniably true.
12477 The labor market has been upended,
12478 When people try to organize at their workplace there is just a relentless, fierce opposition on the part of employers.
12479 We believe that there is still much to do; so much to contribute through quality education in our land. It is the only way we can eradicate poverty, it is the only way we can instil discipline.
12480 We're in it. We're in the transition,
12481 We will come to this august House to seek the necessary approvals in due course. We are currently in discussion with the World Bank to tap into a $12 billion World Bank Group fast track COVID-19 facility to help close the funding gap.
12482 A complete Second Enlightenment requires more,
12483 It doesn't mean the job is less valuable but with lower productivity you expect pay to be lower.
12484 If there is one African country or one country anywhere in the world that still has the coronavirus, the whole world has it. We've seen the speed of contamination and how quickly it can re-spread.
12485 We do not want to compound the situation by vilifying a particular race or gender. If we see people ignorantly attacking foreigners, let us be the exemplary and educate them because we are the UN, that is what we do,
12486 Compared to 2005 when there were only six countries in active conflict on the continent and 7 armed conflicts, 15 years later and 10 years after the Union declared the need to silence the guns we have outperformed ourselves for the worse. The number of countries with armed conflicts has risen to 17. So, an over three-fold increase.
12487 It gives them the opportunity to just be normal and do normal things, be normal kids, and they're treated just the same as everyone else here.
12488 Persistent negative interest rates, such as the negative 10-year government yields in much of Europe, are unprecedented and should be a matter of concern. There is some natural real rate of interest -- it is small but positive, and rates around the world have been below this for almost a decade.
12489 That verse means a lot to me and I felt that it would encourage them as well,
12490 The coronavirus is an economic and financial shock,
12491 What makes them sharp is partly that things were so calm before. These are also very elevated historically.
12492 There's no really other way around it, 17 games is a lot of games,
12493 You saw tonight, we had a lot of just wide-open looks out of the initial pin down action either between Al [ Horford ] and [ Josh Richardson ] or Al [ Horford ] and [ Alec ] Burks so we got a lot of easy ones going and just were able to go at different mismatches that we felt.
12494 This would never pass a popular vote,
12495 During this pandemic crisis, those who have been told they're self employed, their employer hasn't been paying into unemployment insurance or workers compensation or providing them with sick leave,
12496 It is evidence that the regular job isn't so good,
12497 We support our operators to make local decisions that are geared to protecting all residents and staff. The site makes decisions about visitation based on clinical judgment of a patient's current condition and prognosis. In end of life situations when there may be a critical need to visit a loved one, visitors with or without symptoms may be provided with Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and escorted to and from the room. In this unprecedented time, we must weigh priorities, taking into consideration the health and safety needs of all patients and staff and how best to provide support at end-of-life. These are very hard decisions and situations for all involved,
12498 Yesterday, the Department for Education took the extraordinary step of cancelling GCSE exams and some children will suffer the consequences of this throughout their lifetime. It is obviously a very tricky situation, and any solution the government comes up with will be less than perfect,
12499 almost as old as the University itself
12500 Given the advice we are receiving from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, other public health officials, and our own faculty, who are among the world's leaders in infectious disease, epidemiology, and virology, it is difficult to imagine how we could safely hold such a large gathering this spring,
12501 As of today, around 15 percent of global energy-related greenhouse gas emissions come from the process of getting oil and gas out of the ground and to consumers. A large part of these emissions can be brought down relatively quickly and easily.
12502 Monday's meeting with OPEC-plus countries can well be a good start, but even the numbers people are talking about may not be enough to find a solution to the problem,
12503 only technology which can find a breach between the economic development priorities of the emerging Asian countries and climate change.
12504 It is evidence that clean energy transitions are under way -- and it's also a signal that we have the opportunity to meaningfully move the needle on emissions through more ambitious policies and investments.
12505 It is time for all low-carbon technologies to work together to achieve the clean energy transition,
12506 Demand is expected to contract by 435,000 bpd at the start of this year and we may need to revise it downwards,
12507 Given the continuous rise in crude oil prices along with a weakening rupee, the operating environment would continue to remain challenging for the company, going forward. Hence, we drop coverage on the company,
12508 Housing starts finally broke above 1.5 million for the last three months, so there was a signal that the inventory situation could be improving through the latter part of the year,
12509 Having government backing means consumers will pay around 30 basis points lower than a loan without government backing. That can translate into around $1,500 in savings a year on a $500,000 mortgage.
12510 As inventory continues to decline and affordability worsens, workers, businesses and companies are less incentivized to do business in these areas.
12511 Due to the shortage of affordable homes, home sales growth will only rise by around three percent,
12512 February's pending sales figures show the housing market had been very healthy prior to the coronavirus-induced shutdown. The data does not capture the significant fallout from the pandemic or the measures taken to control the outbreak.
12513 The only time nationwide home prices declined was in the Great Recession, due to loose subprime lending and overbuilding. [ Today ] we have tight lending conditions and underproduction. Housing wealth is the dominant portion for most middle-class families, and housing wealth will hold on well.
12514 Their presence provides safety for us during distributions,
12515 We estimate the likely impact on U.S. consumers and find that by the end of 2018, import tariffs were costing U.S. consumers and the firms that import foreign goods an additional $3 billion per month in added tax costs and another $1.4 billion per month in deadweight welfare (efficiency) losses.
12516 We have got the tools to deal with financial market stresses, we will not hesitate to deploy those tools in pursuance of our mandate
12517 Credit risk has risen back to 2008 levels and about R100 billion of local assets have been sold by non-resident investors.
12518 monetary policy actions will continue to focus on anchoring inflation expectations near the mid-point of the inflation target range of between 4-6%
12519 We've been supplying Tesco stores within Wales for 15 years now and are proud to continue satisfying the growing demand for new Welsh products,
12520 We know that business owners in this county have invested a great deal of time, energy and money into their businesses and we'll be contacting them to go through any concerns or queries relating to crime prevention that they may have.
12521 When my book was first reviewed by a professional in Businessweek, they said it was the biggest piece of garbage in the world, ridiculous advice,
12522 Adam and his brother have been getting bigger in the cattle business and he's off to be the manager for their operation,
12523 an electronic program that uses generalized vaccination as a platform for digital identity.
12524 Bush Family Links to Nazi Germany: `A Famous American Family' Made its Fortune from the Nazis,
12525 Businesses aren't closing and people aren't unemployed due to any fault of their own. And I think this is a clear as possible case that those aren't relevant considerations.
12526 There is nothing fundamentally wrong with the U.S. economy. It came into the year in a very strong position in terms of employment and growth and financial markets and I'm confident we can get back there.
12527 and that tends to lower yields,
12528 I would see the third quarter as a transitional quarter,
12529 We are experiencing a very severe economic shock,
12530 Monetary policy cannot solve this crisis on its own,
12531 It is beyond belief that anybody would want to use the name of a dinner that degraded and objectified women to sell a clothing label. I call on House of Fraser and all the other stores stocking this range to think again and take this brand off the shelves,
12532 main developments in macroeconomics since the anti-Keynesian counter-revolution 40 years ago.
12533 The markets were happy about that for about 15 minutes and then gave it a Bronx cheer.
12534 When we look back at this episode, we'll conclude that March 2020 was already a recession month,
12535 It would be a miracle if Canada doesn't have a recession, but we shouldn't bank on miracles,
12536 The question is, while those responses are necessary in the near term, what if this continues? You can't keep helping companies that continue to make losses. The longer this drags on, the more likely we will need to adjust to a new normal.
12537 There are other marginalized communities on this campus and their concerns weren't addressed. We are making sure we listen to those groups.
12538 We hope that we'll be able to complete the required number of school days, face-to-face interactions by April,
12539 I don't think that would be wise. That will really impact on the kind of learning the children will have, without undergoing the lesson,
12540 They suspect they have a degree of exposure,
12541 Areas deprived of proper sanitation and sewerage systems fall prey to these diseases, which can be fatal,
12542 As bipartisan senators of states with significant poultry interests, we urge you to strongly advocate for United States poultry access to the UK when negotiating a new trade deal,
12543 The board recommended that chemical facilities need to do more to plan for the extreme weather events like hurricanes, flooding and wildfires that climate change is causing and will continue to cause.
12544 which requires the benefits to exceed the costs, not the other way around.
12545 And, and for them to work together... It's a crazy situation.
12546 Majority Leader McConnell is free to schedule a vote to confirm Dr. Lemos anytime he wants to -- and, frankly, I suspect he would have even more than 53 votes to do that.
12547 As we all know, this administration is doing just the opposite. President Trump even rescinded Obama administration Executive Orders that required federally funded projects to be built to better withstand flood risks and help communities rebuild stronger and smarter following extreme weather damage. That leaves the Chemical Safety Board as the only federal entity that is providing guidance to mitigate the costly and often dangerous impacts of climate change under the Trump administration.
12548 I said this -- Speaker Pelosi, I didn't realize it at the time, I saw it on reruns -- I said to one of our reporters, [ who ] was walking outside, I said I'm surprised she didn't hit him with it, the way he [ Trump ] went after California.
12549 four to 10 times more expensive than the 2018 head tax.
12550 Progressives in America fighting against Trump's bigoted, Islamophobic, and anti-immigrant agenda need to be linked with the global fightback against the far right,
12551 a huge betrayal of working people
12552 publicly owned or controlled homes
12553 If it had been bipartisan, and they had held hands and said, `This is the thing we ought to do,' then you aren't exposed to the Republicans screaming about every dollar that didn't go right,
12554 If the crisis turns into a catastrophe, they will not be able to hide it any more,
12555 It came from a financial crisis; it came from made-made errors and decisions. This is more a natural disaster and its response is more like emergency relief.
12556 You're going to see some really scary numbers.
12557 The Great Depression, for one thing, lasted for 12 years, and it came from human problems: monetary and financial shocks that hit the system.
12558 If we can get that straight, then we know how to get the economy working again. Monetary and fiscal policy can do their thing. And we won't have anything like the extended downturn we saw in -- even I don't think in the Great Recession much less the Great Depression of the '30s.
12559 very very tough and scary period,
12560 It's not like suddenly all the toilet paper factories in the world are burning down. They're still cranking this stuff out.
12561 Once you get that, the thing can balloon very quickly.
12562 one of my biggest cheerleaders,
12563 That faith has been much reinforced today.
12564 they're going to reap a whirlwind
12565 did an impression of a zombie
12566 Question for the MPC is whether 2020 is starting with a bang.
12567 The market curve in January predicts some loosening of policy, but this would lead to inflation being a little above target.
12568 investing in a net-zero world must go mainstream
12569 more markedly... as companies understandably put projects on hold whilst they waited for greater clarity over the UK's future trading relationships
12570 fundamental reshaping of the system
12571 It is reasonable to expect a response that reflects a combination of fiscal measures and central bank initiatives.
12572 With the coronavirus having now breached the Chinese borders and spreading in some cases despite no clear connection to breakout areas, investors have finally accepted the reality of the situation,
12573 It's not just green assets and divestment campaigns or certain things are so brown or black. Every company ultimately has to have a plan for a transition and what the opportunities are and where the risks are,
12574 As is entirely appropriate, there is a debate at the MPC over the relative merits of near term stimulus to reinforce the expected recovery in UK growth and inflation.
12575 The key point for a solution is we need to restructure the entire GST mechanism, which is not happening. The response is knee-jerk. At the GST council meetings, everybody fights over what rates to reduce, what rates to increase because their states are involved. And the last Govt of India meeting of the GST council ended up by saying at the end of February 2020, they will not have enough money to pay compensation to the states,
12576 The message is very clear. We're going to do whatever it takes to get to the other side of this.
12577 We lower our 2020 and 2021 growth forecasts to 6 per cent and 6.2 per cent (6.2 per cent and 6.5 per cent prior) given likely delays to eventual oil production,
12578 A firefighter has never been criticized for using too much water,
12579 I think we can look forward to a robust recovery when the troubles are behind us,
12580 For its part, the Bank of Canada has been working hard to ensure the financial system has sufficient liquidity so that credit continues to be available to businesses and households.
12581 Not surprisingly, the threat to the global economy of COVID-19 -- the coronavirus -- played a central role in our deliberations and we are coordinating actively with other G7 central banks and fiscal authorities,
12582 There are significant measures happening today and next week which I think people should see as a coordinated and very powerful package... to weather the storm,
12583 If you only look at 2010 to today, this is the zeroth percentile event. That is, in a decade quite bad for value investing, the start of 2020 is the absolute worst 6-week period.
12584 Nothing has changes save value has gotten cheaper this year.
12585 Now it's reached a point that there are some companies that are sort of just given away,
12586 biggest position by far....
12587 The long term depends on the overall reduction of potential and actual conflicts, which does not seem to be an immediate outcome or even medium-run result,
12588 there is a shockingly little amount of the questioning of assumptions,
12589 I think what that shows is [ people don't focus ] so much on the profit of the organization,
12590 When people raise questions that you didn't do this or that, the fundamental reason for that was that dollars had been depleted and nobody was ready to give us a loan.
12591 China is set to do little more than restore agricultural purchases and offer some nice words on financial services and intellectual property. Trump could have had that two years ago without the tariff damage.
12592 I have never had more confidence in this chamber because of you all. Because of the senators of this body who share so much more alike than is different. That is our fundamental strength. It is what has built this chamber. It is what has built this institution for the last two-hundred-and-forty years,
12593 Not only have they gotten a fair hearing, they are a constant conversation of our leadership.
12594 This is a very important initiative to ensure that just because somebody may be impoverished or maybe struggling to pay a bill, they don't lose their right to travel and to go to their place of work,
12595 It feels to be good to be 500,
12596 Our work is how we can help African countries to use these blessings. We are investing heavily in projects that help nations use their resources, like in oil and gas and agriculture,
12597 It's a great day for us as a Bank. It is a great day for the continent and the women of Africa as this facility provides innovative ways to tackle the access to finance challenges for African women business owners,
12598 Africa is tired of being in the dark.
12599 The student does not study Haripath properly which is why the teacher beat him with the stick. The victim's condition is critical and undergoing treatment at the hospital,
12600 These results mean that governments and policy-makers need to exercise extreme caution when interpreting case numbers for planning purposes. Such extreme differences in the amount and quality of testing carried out in different countries mean that official case records are largely uninformative and do not provide helpful information.
12601 This is not a normal economic event in any way, shape, or form,
12602 But it is definitely going to get hit badly, as well.
12603 With another week of huge job losses now underway we'd guess that the true unemployment rate right now is about 12.5 percent.
12604 This is why the president's talk of the country opening up again by Easter is just fanciful.
12605 Total production was depressed by a second straight plunge in utility output, thanks to the very mild winter weather. Output in the sector fell by 3.9% m/m, after December's 6.2% drop,
12606 With businesses and individuals reeling in the face of a shock of unknown -- and unknowable -- length and depth, we can't be sure how they will behave, regardless of what they say,
12607 doesn't capture the full hit from the virus lockdowns,
12608 The latest daily data from Europe show that the rate of increase of new Covid-19 cases slowed markedly everywhere over the past day, compared to the recent trend. This is not definitive evidence of anything,,
12609 We are creating more jobs for Victorians and supporting local industry by inviting small and medium businesses to be part of building our biggest road project.
12610 When we face the outbreak of disease worldwide, it is important to understand each other and if the disease is not contained in a part of the world, we actually help its spread in other parts of the world,
12611 I don't want to comment on this issue as I do not have the habit of passing judgement on issues about which I have at most got three-and-a-half minutes to read in newspapers. Had I known more about the incident, I would surely have had an opinion on it,
12612 lead the kind of life they have reason to value
12613 That there is a big absence of justice in this matter is very conspicuous,
12614 How did armed thugs have the opportunity to beat up students at JNU or AMU? How was it possible for a young protester to be roughed up while in custody? Why was a doctored video put in circulation trying to tell a false story about what happened in one campus or other?
12615 Individuals are very interested in the knowledge that matters to them directly -- e.g., a person learns about motorcycles before buying one... Individuals will not take the trouble to understand GST or Public Debt Management Agency. This is because people respond to incentives: The improvement to the life of an average person, from devoting 10 hours to learning GST, is roughly zero.
12616 Richard and his team have built a practice dedicated to serving each client in a consultative fashion that has enabled them to provide custom solutions. We look forward to further expanding upon the offering.
12617 The Family Code was crafted to mirror the historical, traditional and religious values of Filipinos on marriage. Marriage, as an inviolable social institution in Filipino life, has always been conceived between a man and a woman. Hence, to nullify such law which bears our values on marriage is tantamount to denying our identity as a people and betraying our deep-held morals. It is not only against God, it is also against ourselves as a people,
12618 We must replant Germany and Austria Jews in Palestine in order to transport this polluted water from our streets and lakes.
12619 With luck, the Italian response can at least help to slow down the advance of the virus,
12620 Ten or 20 years from now, we will all remember what happened at this time, like all Germans remember where we were when the Berlin Wall came down,
12621 And I think that, the more we can talk about it in a song like that, the better off we'll be in a place to call it out when it's happening. So many of these things are ingrained in even women, these perceptions, and it's really about re-training your own brain to be less critical of women when we are not criticizing men for the same things.
12622 But it priced out a lot of families who had to move further afield, and who weren't often happy about getting priced out of the city.
12623 Growers are encouraged to put a robust plan in place during the coronavirus outbreak,
12624 is not to put an additional burden on the Israeli population and businesses, but to allow foreigners to lend the state money.
12625 nothing, in reality, will change.
12626 The nationalism with regards to the E.U. doesn't mean that it's nationalist in a global context.
12627 We're getting phone calls from interested investors, and we believe our employment area and Barrie's would complement each other,
12628 You brought out the best in me.
12629 But he's got his mum's love and care now.
12630 Our policy advisory is that regulators should monitor potential risk and that they should take actions preemptively in order to protect financial stability,
12631 urgent awareness about the plight of nature, the plight of wildlife, and what this means for human wellbeing and the planet
12632 We are not against e-commerce,
12633 hold the government's feet to the flames
12634 If uncertainty around the future trade arrangement or subdued global growth continued to weigh on UK demand then my inclination is to respond with a vote for a cut in rates in the near term,
12635 It is likely that much of the increase in at-home work will become permanent, even after the immediate health emergency passes, so it is crucial policymakers pay top-priority attention to ensuring the safety and fairness of work from home arrangements,
12636 These unusual times call for heightened vigilance regarding the financial-stability consequences of our monetary-policy actions,
12637 arrested, detained and hurriedly arraigned before court
12638 But I think we see economics as a tool to change the system.
12639 In the current uncertain circumstances we face, we are certain that some people are going to need big spending power fast, but it is also certain that if the economy is going to come back best, fastest, investment in new plants, machinery, equipment, etc. is key,
12640 It was he who drafted the preamble and added the words independent, sovereign, republic into it,
12641 exfacie violates the fundamental guarantees under Article 14 as also Article 21 of the Constitution
12642 The HIV disease has been a scourge on the Nigerian, and indeed, African society over the last few years. Hence, Access Bank, in collaboration with some of our partners, have decided to use the Access Bank Lagos City Marathon as a springboard to sensitize as many people as we can. Throughout the week, we have carried out free testing, because it is only when we are armed with requisite information that we can lead better lives.
12643 These cheesecloth rags called `masks' are not masks, they're useless,
12644 This was an important statement by investors that they really believe in the Israeli economy,
12645 When we look at the overall package announced by the Israeli government, the fiscal program is roughly in the same order of magnitude as packages announced by other countries,
12646 Bitcoin is down 8% in the last day, much more than global equities,
12647 This time around, it's going to be corporate debt and shadow banks that lend to these corporates. Eventually you could have a credit boom and bust and a crisis -- give it a couple of years.
12648 I think for most small and medium sized businesses they kind of are the same thing right now,
12649 It's thought to be a safe haven.
12650 When you start looking at the new research that is coming out of economics, you actually see a very different story emerging.
12651 It has enormous resources. But it needs good management to marshal those resources. What we've got is six-year-olds playing soccer. There's no strategy, no plan.
12652 in the interests of 300 years of modernity, 300 years of trying to establish human rights and civil liberties in the west and around the world
12653 But from that point onward, the Australian economy was riding on the coat-tails of the Chinese private credit bubble and the public money printed by the major central banks,
12654 It is also true that the time demands of many jobs can explain much of the pay difference, a finding that has sobering implications.
12655 the data from the Telcos strips off all issues related to identity, the conversation content and other personal data.
12656 the Fed operates independently, as it should.
12657 The main problem, it seems to me, is really to make liquidity available to all, credit available to all. And the supply of liquidity, the supply of credit, is more important than the price.
12658 Those companies should open their coffers and provide funds for these drivers to provide some regular standard of living to whatever they've had in the last several months on average. These companies should provide that level of support.
12659 A lot of people are not going to get their jobs back.
12660 In the past, when we've seen period where the economy is at great peril like it is right now, the Treasury Department has stepped in and played a central role shaping policy response.
12661 Having said that, I still think the fundamentals for Intel are good for a long-term play.
12662 That same inmate, when they get home after doing free labor, he's still a convicted felon and now he's got ta find another low wage job. So it's continuous slavery. No one wants to take a chance with me so I got ta take a restaurant job that's paying me $7.25 per hour. I can't pay my bills.
12663 The answer is a straightforward yes,
12664 The global financial crisis in 2008-09 was a massive demand shock, but our workers could still go to work, our firms were coming off years of strong growth, our financial system was largely sound, and our government finances were healthy. None of this is true today as we fight the coronavirus pandemic,
12665 What better resolution for the new decade than to re-dedicate ourselves to ensuring that this spirit burns strongly in each one of us?,
12666 The desynchronization of the Baltic states from Russia's energy grid by 2025, which also means discontinuing the import of electricity there, is fast approaching. Small module reactors are a way to ensure security of supply of carbon emission free energy in Estonia and the Baltic states in all weather,
12667 The governor of our state has a close relationship with my eldest son, who is the chair of the board at Mass General -- a great hospital -- and he asked if there was a way that they could get these masks that they had bought in China back to America,
12668 When they saw how mad he got, they said: Let's make it global.
12669 The thing that really shocked me is, after the arrest of Khodorkovsky, the largest oligarch in Russia, after they arrested him, stripped him of his oil company and went after all of his colleagues, shortly after that, the second richest oligarch in Russia, Roman Abramovich, was paid 13 billion dollars for his oil company and given a government position. And I thought -- this is not a consistent approach to oligarchs. Something is up here. And that began my loss of confidence in Vladimir Putin.
12670 Young and old, Democrat AND Republican, the demand for clean water is universal. More importantly, the public is willing to pay for it.
12671 Nevada was immediately called for @BernieSanders,
12672 Joe Biden has performed worst. He hasn't had a single effective debate performance, and whatever his people are teaching him is failing.
12673 He taught me perspective and not to get too stuck in the weeds,
12674 looks like the biggest sustained giveaway since Norman Lamont's ill-fated budget in 1992
12675 The fans are the real strength of Peshawar Zalmi and we want to make sure that maximum of the fans from our base in Peshawar reaches Rawalpindi comfortably to cheer for the team,
12676 There actually is a lower bound for the policy rate,
12677 This could be more generous terms for loans to banks and/or direct purchases of securities.
12678 All being well we will start when the new season starts at some point.
12679 It's not like the GFC which got worse and worse over the years,
12680 Once you get past tipping points, we don't really have a good handle on what may happen.
12681 So, in no way voter turnout of general election could surpass the turnout of municipality polls,
12682 The market is waiting for a circuit breaker which can reverse the current negative narrative.
12683 This package will flatten the recession curve, and we now need to see a flattening of the virus curve.
12684 The structure of the business community, the structure fiscal policy, the structure of monetary policy, was in an incredibly good place.
12685 Univision has a proven track record of success in reaching and serving the U.S. Hispanic community, who represent 1 in 5 Americans and growing. Most recently, Univision and its talented employees have made great strides under the leadership of Vince Sadusky and the stewardship of Chairman Haim Saban and the full Sponsor Group,
12686 We had major growth with her,
12687 When we came to know him (Desai), John Keen and myself, it was in 1948. I was in high school and I only came to Nairobi to meet friends and then we were introduced to Desai.
12688 a payroll tax won't do it.
12689 Going by the way India walked out of the RCEP deal at the last minute, and its decision to increase tariffs on a slew of items to protect its domestic industry, it is likely that the US will also be approaching a potential deal with extreme caution,
12690 I believe we are very much on the same side and working toward the same goals. And I hope we can continue a dialogue on how to achieve those goals.
12691 While Hunters is a dramatic narrative series, with largely fictional characters, it is inspired by true events. But it is not a documentary. And it was never purported to be,
12692 It was wish fulfillment for a Jewish kid growing up in Long Island.
12693 I think this show allows us to go onto that ride of, `Oh my god, this is happening in our society, today in America. In' 77, but also in 2020.' We should be afraid of the warning signs, so-to-speak, because evil is always lurking right behind the corner.
12694 We don't want to make them caricatures, or then we do a disservice to the efforts of so many who combat fascism and Nazis.
12695 If you look at stock market rates of return, or at the rate at which top billionaire wealth rises year after year, it is clear that the relevant rate of return is substantial, and much larger than the growth rate,
12696 Renamed the Duckworth-Lewis-Stern Method in 2014, the mathematical formula continues to be used in rain reduced limited overs cricket games across the globe. Cricket is deeply indebted to both Tony and Frank's contributions to the sport. We send our sincere condolences to Tony's family,
12697 This process is likely to continue until auto producers finally switch to other precious metals, like platinum and rhodium,
12698 You don't have to spend at the rate you were expecting,
12699 After their first dance tears poured
12700 Even if a doctor was there.
12701 I never wanted to hurt him personally.
12702 need to take greater responsibility for our actions when using the road
12703 a request for a bailout
12704 If we ignore God's word, we end up cutting ourselves off from truth about God. If we ignore what He said, we cut ourselves off from that truth,
12705 It's not used a lot on Saturdays, so I can see where they're coming from with closing it.
12706 Real median earnings have been rising for more than a half decade, even if it may not feel that way to some wage earners whose wages have flatlined or even trended down over that period.
12707 Pakistan will sign an agreement with Switzerland on exchange of information regarding bank accounts on March 21
12708 But in practice, for all kinds of reasons it hasn't been a binding constraint.
12709 For a lot of people, it is meeting with their friends, going to their churches and other social activities that help to support their mental health,
12710 If it were me, I think I would try to coordinate a fiscal policy response, but that doesn't seem to be looming right now,
12711 Immigrants don't just compete with you for jobs, they also offer you goods and services.
12712 the 400 richest Americans -- the top 0.00025% of the population -- have tripled their share of the nation's wealth since the early 1980s,
12713 and over the long haul the tight integration has given way to alternative arrangements.
12714 But it hardly addresses in any substantive way the fundamental sources of trade and economic tensions between the two sides, which will continue to fester.
12715 These new data are worrisome, if not alarming -- for they demonstrate that large-scale female feticide has been taking place among certain U.S. sub-populations over the past decade,
12716 We can do better as a country than propagating hate speech. Why stooping so low as to have these so called Nyekhwe [ DPP war-cry ] songs. We need the youth to be development conscious,
12717 Leadership is not a determining factor as we explore alliances. I want to go into an alliance with motivation to address issues affecting Malawians. It is not so much about me. It is about how we deliver change. If the alliance decides that moving forward should mean I take the lead, so be it. If not, that's also fine,
12718 We're a team that is now rebuilding and I don't know why he'd really want to come to the Dolphins. He's been one of the fiercest competitors there is and we're at the stage with the Dolphins trying to really build a team for the future.
12719 `We've already have unprecedented levels of deaths of despair, and if we have a lost generation as a result of the coronavirus pandemic that's going to have mortality consequences. '
12720 would have the wisdom to steer the nation forward
12721 [ Airborne Laser Communication System ] allows a new generation of high-performance sensors by breaking the data bottleneck of current [ radio frequency ] SATCOM technology.
12722 I don't think it's quite going to be the same in China... but nonetheless, terrific day for Tesla and well-deserved because they've innovated with a product that many of us love.
12723 If you would have asked me a year ago if this team would be here, I would have said no way just with everything that we lost,
12724 It's in a pretty bad state but I look beyond that. The super structure is very strong. There's broken glass and the place has been flooded with water when the water meters were turned on. It's been boarded up for seven years and it smells. It looks sad at the moment but on the bright side it's just cosmetic,
12725 Our topmost priority is to effectively investigate anticompetitive agreements and conduct, bearing in mind that effective deterrence requires not only the threat of penalties, but also effective detection and prosecution of infringements,
12726 What worries me is whether or not we've put these countries into a new kind of debt problem,
12727 is that if you just look at the individuals in the intervention group, it would look like the program caused a huge reduction in readmissions. But when you look at the individuals in the control group -- who were eligible for the program but were not randomly selected to get it -- you see the exact same pattern.
12728 Lots of things got wrapped in cellophane to avoid being touched by other customers. Would you want to buy a toothbrush from a bin that a hundred people rummaged through?
12729 So, we're doing everything to soften the blow there.
12730 The Congress saw Rahul as the natural leader of the party and wanted him to take a larger role. In this situation, as soon as Rahul expressed his opposition to the ordinance, senior Congress politicians, who had earlier supported the proposed ordinance in the Cabinet and even defended it publicly, promptly changed their position,
12731 It is especially hard to imagine that, having just suffered a serious blow as a result of losing a top general [ Soleimani ], possibly thinking about more revenge, and having resisted sanctions for the last 18 months, that Iran will suddenly start acting differently.
12732 non-essential personal or business travel away from Dane County,
12733 One of my goals is to give these incredibly talented Israeli musicians the exposure they deserve worldwide.
12734 Climate is not concerned about whether emissions are reduced in the UK or Germany or China; so long as they are reduced, that helps to address the problem.
12735 Even with a projected strong subsequent rebound, global profits are expected to stand 20% below their forecasted pre-pandemic level at the end of next year.
12736 I just want to be the clearinghouse for helping all of our businesses,
12737 It's a bigger space than a lot of places where we've been to do this event. We've done them in arenas and other smaller spaces, but since we're in a much larger space, it gives us that opportunity to bring fans right into the action and see all the different interactions.
12738 It's clear that government funding cuts in the first instance, and rejections of extra funding in the second, have contributed to the severity of the fire catastrophe. Think of that the next time you hear someone extol the virtues of a budget surplus and low government spending,
12739 Markets want to hear that the global economy is open for business, and the problem is, it isn't easy to say that going forward,
12740 The period during which the country grew at high GDP growth rates like nine per cent, the exports-to-GDP ratio was 20 per cent. But now with developed countries resorting to protectionism and after the collapse of the WTO, contribution of exports to GDP in a large way does not seem possible
12741 We have moved on from past issues,
12742 an imminent and significant improvement
12743 concerned with at least the optics
12744 I believe the nation will continue to be well served by a strong Federal Reserve system -- a system firmly dedicated to fostering economic and financial strength and stability and able to bring to that effort a combination of sound and independent professional judgment and continuity beyond any partisan considerations,
12745 I would do 10 more,
12746 Matt is a hugely popular figure in the dressing room and also with our members and supporters,
12747 Our mission is simple: to create lasting change and encourage innovation and leadership by funding excellence in research -- conducted by top people who also serve as mentors to the next generation -- for the betterment of Canada,
12748 Our view is for the central bank to have room for another 25 bp cut in 2020, provided that other regional central banks opt for easing as well,
12749 Either there's going to be massively higher taxes, a massive reduction in the ambition of what he's proposing or a massive increase in the deficits and debts,
12750 Every company is different, but under $40, we see certainly a lot of a lot of strain,
12751 I don't see any move towards fundamentally different rates in the coming years,
12752 It is important for us to be ready for any development in the oil market.
12753 StorCentric is a leader in the financial services market, with an enviable roster of high-profile customers. I look forward to teaming with what I view as one of the most stellar teams in the industry, as we work to cement StorCentric as the most recognized and trusted storage solutions company in the marketplace.
12754 StorCentric innovation is centered around customers and their specific data requirements, and delivers the highest quality solutions. Our mission is to focus on our customers and capitalize on the storage expertise we have garnered over the years by delivering a full stack of award-winning solutions,
12755 Surprising thing is that coming at a time when everybody is disturbed about a slowdown, the word slowdown is not used at all in almost three-hour long speech. There was no discussion on how the Budget is going to attack slowdown,
12756 promoting mutual understanding and friendship
12757 there will have to be national solutions.
12758 Republicans and Democrats have very different views on both.
12759 the sectors covered are some of the hardest to decarbonise
12760 We may begin to see many more universities where students do not come to campus but turn on their zoom sitting at home,
12761 Almost every macroeconomic indicator has changed significantly due to the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 2020 state budget, as the government's fiscal instrument, will no doubt change as well,
12762 Unlike other years, we're having many events around the country with significant speakers that attract a crowd.
12763 Financialization: The Economics of Finance Capital Domination,
12764 I think the message we're hearing here is that pro-Israel advocacy transcends political parties and it shouldn't be hijacked by any side.
12765 Our experts are working to assess the damage. Once again, we appeal to everyone, tell your relatives who have left, who are now in Kyrgyzstan with their relatives -- they must return.
12766 U.S. experience closer to that seen in Europe and Japan,
12767 We're pleased to have assisted them in the financing process and wish them all the best in their new home.
12768 His track record over those 20 years as CEO is hard to see excelled anywhere.
12769 make a common mind sovereign
12770 One of the lessons coming out of the Great Recession was act strong. I have every confidence we are going to apply them in a very responsible way,
12771 The #coronavirus risks giving a further blow to a global economy that was already weakened by trade and political tensions.
12772 The rejection of Cross is a strong signal against the powerful influence of the banking lobby in Brussels. A former banking lobbyist as head of banking supervision would have done serious damage to the reputation of the EU authority. Such conflicts of interest undermine confidence in EU authorities.
12773 we must ensure all the necessary inputs to the algorithm, including the data used to test and create it, are carefully stored.
12774 If you have a factory that's shut down, and it's shut down for a week because of a cyclone, then next week you're just going to use more capacity to meet your back orders; the actual amount of economic activity and output isn't diminished hardly at all,
12775 It is not enough to save German businesses and at the same time send Italian companies into bankruptcy.
12776 The impact of the coronavirus on oil markets may be temporary but the longer-term challenges facing the world's suppliers are not going to go away, especially those heavily dependent on oil and gas revenues,
12777 We have the energy technologies to do this, and we have to make use of them all. The IEA is building a grand coalition focused on reducing emissions -- encompassing governments, companies, investors and everyone with a genuine commitment to tackling our climate challenge.
12778 This is a critical year for hydrogen,
12779 Last year only 1 per cent of total capex went into clean technologies. But those investments will grow as companies have to balance their short-term profit goals with long-term social licence,
12780 The latest month's decline in housing starts is nothing to be concerned about. This housing data is quite jumpy,
12781 If that's the case then this is the low point for the Treasury -- but on the other hand there are consequences if the virus spreads.
12782 The stock market crash is no doubt raising economic anxieties, while the coronavirus brings fear of contact with strangers.
12783 They can negotiate for better prices,
12784 Even fast-growing markets could be hurt and unable to further expand because of weakening affordability conditions,
12785 Or if needing to sell a home in the near future, then there is less equity by the amount of the missed payments. So it is an honor system but also honorable to keep paying if not impacted from the pandemic.
12786 These medications slow down the body's pain pathways,
12787 Yes, I'm gon na be making a very substantial gift. I do believe in it, and I believe in the impact it can have.
12788 Our past research has shown the detrimental effects of chimpanzees in entertainment and other inappropriate settings -- not only on the welfare of individuals, but on conservation efforts -- so we owe it to these chimpanzees to provide them the best possible life from here on out,
12789 This approach has the potential to produce a paradigm shift in the psychological and existential care of patients with cancer, especially those with terminal illness.
12790 Certainly we saw last fall that there was excess fruit out there and so there were growers that had excess fruit and that means they were offering fruit at a discounted price,
12791 The overwhelming public response to Hudson Yards over the past year -- making us part of everything from their morning coffee run to a place to celebrate special occasions -- has been incredibly humbling. With the opening Edge, one of the final pieces of the first phase of Hudson Yards, it was important to us to extend an invitation not only to the world to experience our great city from new heights, but also to New Yorkers who have made us part of the City's cultural fabric. We are proud to ensure Edge is accessible to New York Public School students which we hope will inspire the next generation of New Yorkers to fall even more in love with this great city,
12792 will reduce the real wages of public servants,
12793 An additional $500 million in notes and coins will be put into the economy in the first six months of 2020. We expect this to ease the demand for physical cash and you won't be ripped off by money dealers who sell cash.
12794 Also, we want to make sure that the monetary targets that the central bank manages also stay within the range in terms targets so that we don't have excess money supply contributing to currency instability.
12795 You know how they say never waste a crisis? We need to not waste this moment to fix the structural problems that women face.
12796 Self-compassion is how we recover,
12797 I think I'm helping people remember that dating, for those who want to do it, is part of moving forward, and it is option B,
12798 We want to be the place that people distribute information,
12799 I'm a demanding boss, and I'm a tough boss. I think I'm a very fair boss. But I'm demanding,
12800 we can't rely on quotas because they're not moving the things which they're not applied to.
12801 to support businesses operating in this new and unsettling environment.
12802 a brilliant economist and prodigious scholar whose works on African political economy challenged dominant ways of seeing the African continent
12803 eliminating environmental and economic issues, as well as investing in activities that have strong impact on the social structure of these communities.
12804 exciting, dramatic narratives to make you really want to come back and watch the next day,
12805 We didn't want them to get too lonely.
12806 The U.K. version runs in real time: We're making it and turning it around in a 24-hour period. The audience is able to interact with elements of the game that don't burst the bubble of the game, but adds extra factors in,
12807 has to be in the dozens, if not hundreds.
12808 I live in New York City and people there are hardly going to restaurants, cinemas or theaters, even though nobody there has been infected by the virus thus far. If it comes, we are totally f *** ed.
12809 If you run a budget deficit of 10% to 15% of GDP while printing money financing, we end up like Zimbabwe, like Argentina, like Venezuela, with high inflation and eventually hyperinflation,
12810 If we win the war, we can recoup that money.
12811 If you're going to have a recession, then you've got to have two bad quarters, and I think that's going to depend on whether we get ahead of the curve on the coronavirus, and that's a big unknown right now.
12812 don't really have much effect
12813 We really could see the worst jobs reports we've ever seen in our history.
12814 It has been 72 hours since the attack and the Delhi police have information who indulged in violence and vandalism. There has been a very casual and irresponsible approach. We demand that those responsible for the violence be arrested immediately,
12815 Congress party has to reinvent itself if it has to be relevant,
12816 Learnt from the book that Nehru did not want Patel in the Cabinet in 1947 and omitted him from the initial Cabinet list. Clearly, a subject for much debate, noted that the author stood her ground on this revelation... Exercise of writing history for politics in the past needs honest treatment. `When Sardar died, a deliberate campaign was begun to efface his memory. I know this, because I have seen it, and at times, I fell victim to it myself,' so says VP Menon.
12817 right on top of new cabinet list.
12818 It is very important consumers receive accurate advice to guide their decisions,
12819 We're putting more resources into that, that's got to get settled this year, I'm confident it will, and I'm confident it will help the media sector considerably,
12820 Australian petrol prices are primarily determined by international crude oil and refined petrol prices,
12821 We recognise and appreciate that individual supermarket chains have already taken a number of important steps to mitigate the many issues caused by panic-buying,
12822 Ultimately, we determined that although there is a notable level of competition between the particular print titles, the transaction was not likely to substantially lessen competition because publishers in other media, particularly online publishers, will increasingly compete with Bauer.
12823 We recognise the public benefit from enabling banks to respond quickly to provide relief packages to businesses and individuals affected by the pandemic,
12824 It's important to understand that the fiscal response that we will be undertaking is scalable. So we will make our announcements sooner rather than later,
12825 there will be limited similar alternatives for brokers to switch to
12826 We're watching out a lot more than we normally do for people taking advantage of the situation and pricing excessively, [ like ] charging extortionate amounts for sanitiser,
12827 It's an unbelievable experience in terms of therapy,
12828 Life's getting a lot tougher for optimists
12829 Looking at the main drivers of inflation for December 2019, we see that food inflation continues to dominate. Food inflation precisely contributed about 2/5th of the inflation figure of 7.9% for December 2019. Relative to the four previous months we realize that the figure has ranged between 45.5% and 39.4%. This means food inflation is still dominant as a contributor to inflation in the country. Followed by this are housing and transportation. When you put these two together they contribute about a 3rd to our inflation.
12830 Please do not panic. Measures are being taken. The situation deserves that we change how we work and where we work from.
12831 The youth must be prepared for the jobs of the future -- not the jobs of the past,
12832 I have every confidence that they will find mechanisms of equal sharing of this resource.
12833 Some of my understanding of the importance of nature to the poor comes from my early life in India, from living close to poverty, frequent travels into the countryside, and visiting my uncle's farm in Rajasthan,
12834 Think of it as a super-effective form of fiscal stimulus. Test kits are ridiculously cheap compared with the GDP and job losses they might forestall.
12835 finally heave a sigh of relief knowing that Irish football has a secure future
12836 It's been handed over to the garda, garda are being recruited and it'll be open very shortly,
12837 Soldiers of my Old Guard, farewell!
12838 Niall has a long association with Irish football and over the past year he has demonstrated very clearly his strong desire to see a vibrant body emerge for the good the Irish game,
12839 You are really welcome,
12840 In general I think both on the inflation and employment side, we are performing pretty much close to target if not right on it, so that's encouraging,
12841 The banking system in Europe and in Germany is not as robust and resilient as one would wish.
12842 There are also different types of personal space. These include physical space, time space (I just need to be alone for a while to deal with my email), emotional space (I need to calm down after what just happened), and activity space (I'll sit close with you on the couch while watching a show, but when I'm reading, you need to sit farther away).
12843 Well, we're going - we're going look. We also have-assets that we've never had. I mean we've never had growth like this.
12844 Have you been briefed by the CDC?
12845 A lot of small businesses are run by the owner looking at his checking account going up or down, and that can give you a very misleading impression of the sustainability of the business,
12846 adopted an audacious system of proportional representation based on the amount of property each voter owned (or the amount of tax paid),
12847 In previous inequality regimes,
12848 Like left-wing parties in France,
12849 Apart from the increase in the interest of top-tier firms in hiring talent from SRCC, the number of firms conducting a pooled campus drive between top undergraduate colleges of DU (Delhi University), namely SRCC, LSR and Stephens has increased,
12850 Because that's the only way we win,
12851 But I think sometimes... those people on the peripheries are sometimes the most forgotten and the most suffering. A little old, 80-year-old grandma living by herself an hour from the closest person, is one of the first people forgotten,
12852 But I was mistaken. It's now clear that the deniers would sooner see the whole country destroyed than admit they have been wrong.
12853 It would be a mistake to underestimate how effective
12854 Doug listened, cared for and made an effort to support every single one of those residents with their individual and pragmatic needs.
12855 Respectfully, what happened?
12856 Don't be an idiot. You're putting people at risk!
12857 These are important changes which will lead to us building new communities that are inherently more sustainable and more walkable. You will not have to drive to get as much of your daily needs done and there will be a park within five minutes of every residence.
12858 I have never attempted a non-consensual sexual relationship with anyone during my entire life.
12859 ran his hands down the curve of my body, over my hips, commenting: `You look good, you've lost weight' .
12860 If you look back a year ago, they were much more concerned about deposit competition and where it was going to go because of their belief that interest rates were going up and there was much more discussion about a possible recession. Now they're much more positive in their outlook.
12861 is prepared to use its full range of tools to support the flow of credit to households and businesses and thereby promote its maximum employment and price stability goals.
12862 fiscal stimulus and direct help for affected sectors are necessary to get recovery.
12863 stands ready to adjust all of its measures, as appropriate, should this be needed to safeguard liquidity conditions in the banking system and to ensure the smooth transmission of its monetary policy in all jurisdictions.
12864 stands ready to purchase Australian government bonds in the secondary market to support the smooth functioning of that market, which is a key pricing benchmark for the Australian financial system
12865 If conditions continue to improve, though, it is likely that smaller and less frequent purchases of government bonds will be required,
12866 If interest rates had not been reduced last year this adjustment in household finances would have been more difficult and the overall economy would have suffered,
12867 to support the smooth functioning of that market
12868 Markets are screaming for more, more and more,
12869 support the smooth functioning of that market
12870 The household sector has been adjusting to a protracted period of slow wages growth and, last year, to a decline in housing prices, with the result that consumption has been quite weak.
12871 Much will depend on the success of the efforts to contain the virus and how long the social distancing measures need to remain in place,
12872 The Reserve Bank Board did not take these decisions lightly,
12873 The disruption could spill over to the rest of the global economy,
12874 It's an ambitious and entirely appropriate and aggressive and forceful use of monetary policy in these times,
12875 We are closely monitoring the emergence of the coronavirus...
12876 still too soon to even speculate about either the size or the persistence of these effects, or whether they will lead to a material change in the outlook.
12877 we do think that policy is appropriate, and, under our baseline outlook, will continue to be appropriate.
12878 Until the virus is not contained, it would be very difficult to go to the lives we love.
12879 China was different, the world was different. This virus is clearly more impactful and the world economy then was very strong,
12880 To serve our membership well in this context, we need top-notch input and expertise from the widest range of sources, inside and outside the Fund,
12881 [ But at 14,100 ], it wasn't like nobody ordered,
12882 give a diagnostic recommendation on measures to take
12883 Governments should continue and expand these efforts to reach the most-affected people and businesses -- with policies including increased paid sick leave and targeted tax relief,
12884 We support China's response efforts by taking measures with the strength of its healthcare system, but also with recent fiscal, monetary, and financial actions. We are confident in the resilience of China's economy,
12885 Second, emerging markets and low-income countries face significant challenges, particularly low-income countries in debt distress, an issue on which we are working closely with the World Bank,
12886 It is clear that we have entered a recession.
12887 Additional fiscal stimulus will be necessary to prevent long-lasting economic damage from coronavirus.
12888 is no longer a regional issue, it is a global problem (that) calls for global response,
12889 Those with greater resources and policy space will need to do more; others, with limited resources, will need more support,
12890 we would have technically been talking about recession.
12891 a long-lasting and more severe outbreak would result in a sharper and more protracted growth slowdown in China.
12892 The CCRT can currently provide about $500 million in grant-based debt service relief, including the recent $185 million pledge by the United Kingdom and $100 million provided by Japan as immediately available resources,
12893 to absorb the shock of the pandemic,
12894 The IMF's 189 member countries stand united to address the global challenges related to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) epidemic and we extend our sympathies to all those affected. The economic and financial impact has also been felt globally, creating uncertainty and damaging near-term prospects. We are determined to provide the necessary support to mitigate the impact, especially on the most vulnerable people and countries. We have called upon the IMF to use all its available financing instruments to help member countries in need. We are confident that, working together, we will overcome the challenge facing us and restore growth and prosperity for all.
12895 This emergency financing would allow the government to address additional and urgent balance of payment needs and support policies that would make it possible to direct funds for priority health expenditures and protect the most vulnerable people and firms.
12896 My advice would be to seek ways in which this element of uncertainty is reduced in the interests of everybody, the U.K., the EU -- and the whole world.
12897 Just three months ago, we expected positive per capita income growth in over 160 of our member countries in 2020. Today, that number has been turned on its head: We now project that over 170 countries will experience negative per capita income growth this year. The bleak outlook applies to advanced and developing economies alike. This crisis knows no boundaries. Everybody hurts,
12898 After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries.... To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
12899 We take a long-term approach. But the reality is, we're now in our fifth season (with Shero) and we've made the playoffs once. And it was just time for a change.
12900 I drove in for the game and was asked to speak to our leadership group,
12901 He must appear in his own right as an impartial and independent defender and custodian of the Constitution.
12902 Let me talk to you now as the country's state vice president, do not take any orders that will force you to shoot peaceful protesters. This is illegal,
12903 Yes, MCP and UTM are talking for a possible alliance. There is a team exclusively working on that. The team will report back. We will make our position and communicate to Malawians in a few week's time,
12904 If it wasn't Ivar, then it would have been by his own hand or something so tragic that the audience was just kind of floored by it. Because it's so obvious for Bjorn to finally come up and achieve all this greatness and take his brother down and save the day, and it's kind of what everybody secretly wants. And that's kind of what I loved about the choice is that he goes -- I'll tell you this though. He doesn't go without a fight. And whether or not he is still alive, you will see a version of Bjorn is some way, shape, or form.
12905 In Canada, getting an energy infrastructure project approved and implemented is a real challenge, even when the project meets all legal and regulatory requirements. This sends a very bad message to investors, many of whom end up proposing their projects abroad, where they are welcome,
12906 It's not been put on the table; it's just been booted around,
12907 Shake It Off is a tune.
12908 I could do it easy!
12909 He's snookered nowhere to run nowhere to hide the people have this number f *** ed it.
12910 Knebworth -- it would be a piece of piss to be perfectly honest,
12911 Brothers and Sisters make yourself known if your a health worker? LG x #worldhealthday (sic)
12912 2 of my own, and I've still got your red one. Will sort it out when I see you,
12913 Why me? Why Not biggest selling vinyl album of 2019 thanks to everyone who bought it silky smooth fizzy biblical c'm on you know LG x.
12914 Some of us deserved that title and some of us didn't,
12915 The world is in a state of emergency and the window to act is closing,
12916 What kind of capitalism do we want?
12917 We do not want the next generations to inherit a world which becomes ever more hostile and ever less habitable -- just think of the wildfires in Australia,
12918 With the world at such critical crossroads... we must develop a `Davos Manifesto 2020' to reimagine the purpose and scorecards for companies and governments. It is why the WEF was founded 50 years ago, and it is what we want to contribute to for the next 50 years.
12919 They are more likely to have sailed out past the west of Ireland, well within international waters, before heading south.
12920 Allied Defence Ministers have agreed in principle to enhance NATO's training mission in Iraq in close cooperation & Also read coordination with the Iraqi government,
12921 Our allies Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia are marking the 30th anniversary of their freedom. They made the sovereign choice to join NATO and, at their invitation, some of the exercise activity will be held on their territory. Russia has every right to feel secure within its borders, but so do our member states.
12922 based on the certainty that, no matter what challenges we face, we are all stronger and safer together,
12923 Russia has every right to feel secure within its borders, but so do our member states.
12924 should avoid further violence and provocations.
12925 This has not changed. So I expect the allies to stay committed to investing more in our security.
12926 They briefed and explained to other allies why they took these actions against General Soleimani. I will not go into the details of that briefing, I will leave that to the United States,
12927 consequence of the brutal use of violence, horrendous attacks against innocent civilians and indiscriminate bombing of civilian targets.
12928 This reduction of 1.4 m tons in sugar meant there was no reason to export.
12929 We, and everyone else in the industry, need immediate rent abatement, tax deferrals, eviction protection, and clear access to relief funds,
12930 I don't ever want to be that guy that's like, `Ahh, I shouldn't say that because it might upset somebody, '
12931 ... now is about the time you start wondering about Kasper's Hall of Fame chances.
12932 Chinatown was also really hit. It's a lot slower. All you have to do is walk around to notice it.
12933 I wouldn't exclude that you do have some kind of coming together and this is resolved, but at the same time, the opposite -- a disintegration of the euro -- is also possible,
12934 It's a state-managed, state-run economy and that makes it very vulnerable,
12935 Then we tweaked it a little bit, and it's a homer.
12936 negative confidence beyond his base.
12937 The Great Depression was kind of a one punch on the demand side, driven by a collapse in the money supply -- a terrible policy by the Federal Reserve. But this time, it's a one-two punch.
12938 Like the variable in math,
12939 slowed to an annual gain of 1.8 percent,
12940 That's really an area where his policies, particularly his trade policies, have been very counterproductive.
12941 That would be consistent with the initial claims for unemployment insurance data that we're getting.
12942 China has become an integral part of the global manufacturing supply chain, accounting for about one-fifth of global manufacturing output,
12943 Right now, we don't have a whole lot of confidence. I mean he can't seem to get on the same page with the experts, the CDC,
12944 My sense is that when we get April data a month from now, we'll see that the economy lost somewhere between 10 and 15 million jobs,
12945 If we solve the virus, we'll quickly get our groove back,
12946 turn out en masse, like in 2008
12947 There have been several dramatic shifts which ought to make the U.S. economy resilient to rising oil prices. Strong household balance sheets, an accommodative Fed and a large domestic energy sector reduce the risks that an oil shock tips the economy into recessions. Though the U.S. economy can better withstand a jump in oil prices than it once could, the global economy is still vulnerable.   Higher oil prices are still very much a negative for the global economy, and that will reverberate back on us,
12948 The key issue to look out for in the ongoing U.S. fiscal negotiations is the speed with which any fiscal package will arrive in the hands of companies and consumers,
12949 So in that sense, Fed balance sheet expansion has at least been correlated with the increase in the stock market we have seen since October,
12950 They thanked me for being so honest,
12951 We found that the trend in the U.S. is indeed exceptional.
12952 So when you identify with a certain party and you're looking across the aisle, the people you're looking at are more different from you than they were a few decades ago.
12953 If anything, I felt quite liberated and `gangster' to just take on my baldness with no apology.
12954 It is dense, cheap to store and much easier to move around than a commodity like oil,
12955 It will become free. For this, it will be necessary to independently or through the multi-service government center to file information in the Unified Federal Bankruptcy Information Register, which will allow people with a debt size of more than 50,000 rubles, but not more than 700,000 rubles, to get rid of debt obligations,
12956 According to the data of Rospotrebnadzor [ Russia's consumer rights watchdog ], tests are being made throughout the country and Rospotrebnadzor's 95 laboratories that are in operation are checking over 30,000 samples,
12957 Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with the head of the Federal Tax Service, Mikhail Mishustin, during which he invited him to take the post of prime minister,
12958 We have all the necessary resources to fulfill the goals set by the president,
12959 We should clearly prioritize budget spending, keep inflation within the given parameters, no higher than 4%,
12960 one that respects diversity and enables all Sudanese citizens to practice their faith in a safe and dignified environment.
12961 Our studies show that under a high-emission scenario, the state is projected to experience a 3.32 degrees Celsius rise in average summer temperature from 28.87 degrees C in 2010 to 32.19 degrees C by 2100. This is higher than the national average increase from about 24 degrees C to about 28 degrees C by the end of the century,
12962 It took about a dozen years [ after passage of the 1970 Clean Air Act ] and the 1981 -- 1982 recession for the United States to achieve the 32 percent reduction China has achieved in just four years.
12963 We can both stimulate the economy... and we can lay the foundation for a lower-carbon future,
12964 Something huge and massive just happened right in front of our very eyes. This is in some ways the easiest turning point to call in the economy in the whole time I've been watching it.
12965 I don't think anyone alive at this moment is going to forget this [ pandemic ],
12966 The problem is everyone in America is cutting back their consumption,
12967 Our economic policy, though, should be aiming to cushion the blow as much as possible.
12968 The conditions for a transparent election are not there,
12969 The spillover will be much bigger, because China has a much bigger role in the world economy,
12970 This is an economy built on discretionary consumption.
12971 Whatever the number, it will be horrific,
12972 Fed action and fiscal measures can only ameliorate the pain, and we remain worried that the latter aren't yet on a sufficient scale,
12973 have been slow to grasp the scale of the problem. Now that the catastrophe has hit home, investors want out,
12974 We're hoping today's reading will be the peak, but we can't be sure and, in any event, total layoffs between the March and April payroll surveys look destined to reach perhaps 16-to-20mln, consistent with the unemployment rate leaping to 13-to-16%. In one month,
12975 Businesses are not happy about the trade war, but the hit to sentiment seems to have been worse than the damage to real economic activity.
12976 Claims likely have peaked,
12977 Prudence suggests we have to expect softer jobs numbers for the next few months.
12978 This doesn't mean we can be sure the downshift in Italy will continue, but the data give real grounds for hope,
12979 When you have these mutations in a host, it may take decades for them to expand to the point of causing issues,
12980 You're going to have this blow up, too, and nobody's even looking at it,
12981 $4.5 trillion of corporate debt
12982 There's certainly a problem -- we identified that problem,
12983 It has become evident that the costs and risks attributed to the new tools, when first deployed, were overstated,
12984 And it seems like even if the letter of the law may or may not have been broken, it's incredibly clear that the spirit of the law has been broken.
12985 But over the oncoming decades, there could be slower-moving economic impacts if interest rates move up some -- not a crisis, but some -- inflation moves up, the fiscal space... diminishes, that would have a slower-moving but certainly negative impact on the nation as well.
12986 There's a problem that's decades in the making and decades in the solving,
12987 Foreign import barriers and exports subsidies are not the reason for the US trade deficit,
12988 It is already widely recognised that we will have a recession in the economy, which will probably be quite severe,
12989 I've put members of my team into a lot of components. What we've been able to do is get people very quick answers.
12990 not lead at all to changed behaviour
12991 On the fiscal side, the government is already planning to introduce a stimulus package in the near term. In our view, these efforts should be applauded,
12992 Since we began monitoring the virus, and that started months back, we in the College basically outlined three values around which we would be making decisions related to the virus,
12993 So we put out an appeal, everywhere we could think of on social media. We messaged Katie McCandless-Thomas on Dog Friendly Perthshire. She was fabulous in sharing it widely.
12994 I am always trying to create music for the band. We are a team and I know when this is over we can come out stronger.
12995 The bylaws should have been more clear about what constitutes as an `academic listserv,
12996 I was just really honored to know that someone as influential and important as Syeisha was telling me herself that I had gotten this award,
12997 The government waived the gap fee which is what we were asking for,
12998 The stage is now set for greater stabilisation and enhanced domestic productivity that would help overcome inflation, boost businesses and create more employment opportunities,
12999 Foreign Direct Investment rises 66% to $1.56 billion in July-Jan 2020 compared to the same period last year. In January 20, net FDI was $223 million, 52% higher than January 19.
13000 This was no easy work as tough decisions were taken to overcome the challenges on the external front, particularly in controlling the current account deficit, and the efforts had resulted in primary balance becoming surplus for the first time in many years,
13001 There is a licence fee that would normally be payable... there will be discussions between the Grand Prix Corporation and Formula One management about the nature of that fee, about whether it's payable.
13002 While our trade, tourism and education engagement is crucial, what matters more are the people-to-people relationships, and at this difficult time, it's the people of China we are thinking of,
13003 If at any point the risk profile gets out of whack... then obviously it will stop.
13004 In that regard, I would hope that any conversations that are had with bankers and administrators are such that those people are able to keep their jobs.
13005 Thus, according to the devil himself, all of the states on the Earth are under his command and depend on him. So, we can understand why they inflict so much harm,
13006 We just got the first piece of government labor market data that really shows -- in a breathtaking manner -- the impact the coronavirus shock is having on the labor market,
13007 Overall this is good, it should get out quickly,
13008 Policymakers should quickly pass a big fiscal stimulus package,
13009 These programs are the lifeline for millions of people that will make sure they can make it while we shut down the economy,
13010 We will be reviewing all opportunities for projects that can get underway in the short-term and provide advice on how central Government could accelerate these should they wish to,
13011 a coordinated Federal-led shutdown for 30 days and then a gradual reopening with testing, testing, testing so we can kill the virus when it reappears.
13012 Just understand that you and I aren't looking for a bottom to start getting back into stocks,
13013 I think you are totally wrong and causing harm,
13014 for every death there are more than thirty visits to the emergency room... each death corresponds to more than a hundred people abusing the drugs.
13015 We can brag we have the most expensive health care,
13016 Model curiosity and ask lots of questions.
13017 Leaders should ensure they put in place psychological safety so that people know candour is welcome,
13018 Operating unethically and illegally, Broad managers used their training to cripple and plunder Oakland's schools.
13019 something we do as a matter of course in medicine,
13020 The reason it was so important we did a randomized, controlled trial,
13021 The ones who obtained degrees after 2009 have been asked to re-sit examinations,
13022 There's a lot of cancellations. We know foot traffic is down,
13023 These shows of affection towards us and this sort of outpouring of emotion to wish to help us is brilliant,
13024 Essentially by hooking a laptop to the vehicle system, certain features may be adjustable.
13025 Northern Ireland has well-prepared and rigorously-tested plans for dealing with infectious diseases, and these have been activated. This will help ensure that the patient receives appropriate care, and the likelihood of spread is minimised. I would like to reassure the public that the risk to the wider population remains low.
13026 It's important we maintain the balance between ensuring that any impacts on our wider economy in the longer term don't significantly disadvantage those often already most economically disadvantaged,
13027 The trials are another key part of the fightback against Covid-19. Our involvement once again underlines the benefits of being part of the wider NHS family.
13028 The forever cycle of Chiefs fandom has been broken
13029 The swift and substantial economic policy actions taken in many countries will help shield people and firms, preventing even more severe economic pain and [ creating ] the conditions for the recovery,
13030 The slight downward revision of 0.1 percent for 2019 and 2020, and 0.2 percent for 2021, is owed largely to downward revisions for India,
13031 The risks for even more severe outcomes, however, are substantial,
13032 Given what we know now and unless there are major wars that take place or serious walls that get built everywhere, assuming that doesn't happen, I think it is a pretty low probability scenario that would happen,
13033 a low 2020 base,
13034 There are many conflicts that could arise from climate change and when we do not take care of our environment. There could be higher rates of death, higher chances of getting ill and worsening food insecurity due to unforeseen calamities like the locust invasion in eastern Africa,
13035 This coronavirus has now moved from Asia to the United States,
13036 Can I get some white wine? Oh, you got the red wine? Does that make me a difficult guest?
13037 I feel like any of the scenes that take place in the concentration camps are handled with a great deal of reverence. Obviously, we know violence existed during that period of time, but in those cases, we prefer to suggest it than to show it,
13038 People are afraid to make content about incredibly sensitive or difficult subject matter,
13039 It is a love letter to my grandmother, it is a way to honour my birthright, my heritage and my Judaism, and it's a way to shed light on hidden crimes and secrets,
13040 I raised my hand because my head had a clot and I didn't want another blow. But then, in front of the Ghalib statue, the police showered blows on me and I fractured both my hands,
13041 I think we're still going to see a slight increase in 2020,
13042 I worry the economic structure gets damaged in the meantime, (that) there is scarring, businesses get shut, people are unemployed, you can't go back to where you left off.
13043 It's about bringing people together to try and find out what changes people are willing to make, individually and collectively as a country, to meet our ambitious (climate) targets,
13044 There are many businesses who if they don't quickly access this cash they are going to go under. That will have huge consequences for employment and also our ability to grow the economy when this pandemic has passed. If businesses collapse they won't be able to ensure our economy can recover. They will be lost forever.
13045 The priority's now coronavirus.
13046 Very pleased to be re-elected unopposed to @CommonsHomeAffs chair and grateful to MPs from all parties for their support. Lots to do. Looking forward to the new committee being in place.
13047 Delaying until the end of the month would clearly be inappropriate
13048 Sajid Javid was the only member of the Conservative party who messaged me in solidarity. Nationally, the Conservatives were much too slow to respond. It's easy for parties' social media accounts to challenge incidents like this and say `not in my name' .
13049 With this market uncertainty, and the unknown impacts, a lot of people are wondering: well what could this possibly mean?
13050 The executor can use this as a guide,
13051 Companies should also focus on innovation to boost skills [... ] and roll out massive corporate social responsibility programs to help vulnerable communities.
13052 Economic growth can reach 2.5% and even 0%.
13053 Self-distancing measures, work from home, or limited isolation won't work unless the people are given social security,
13054 Considering the difficulty of identifying the truly needy and the problems inherent in trying to do so, sending every American a $1,000 check asap would be a good start. A payroll tax cut makes little sense in this circumstance, because it does nothing for those who can't work.
13055 link language of India.
13056 Most teachers are socialists. Those who are not socialists have been arrested. After several such cases, the situation cannot be changed. You have to take a big step by closing for two years. Good students at JNU must be housed at Delhi University and Ambedkar University, among others nearby. The rest must be discarded and after the necessary cleaning, it can be opened again,
13057 That's partly because of prudential requirements around capital [ requirements ], and partly just a risk-appetite issue.
13058 is aggressive and touches on many areas of concern
13059 I believe we are going to be right back where we were in 2017 in terms of household debt, affordability and long-term financial risks within the economy.
13060 The Bank's Governing Council stands ready to do what is required to support economic growth and keep inflation on target, and we will continue to ensure that the Canadian financial system has sufficient liquidity.
13061 If consumer confidence will erode because of the virus then you'd expect to see a downdraft in housing,
13062 This contribution can be especially powerful when the shock is global and the response is coordinated,
13063 at a time when they may have increased funding needs and credit conditions are tightening.
13064 It seems we'll have to wait for this month's monetary policy report to see where the governor and his team land in interpreting these and other recent trends.
13065 The average wage increase of people who switch jobs is very high, in the 10% to 12% range, because people are finding the right matches,
13066 a very desirable feature,
13067 We had more than enough reasons to adjust our policy without even bringing the virus into our deliberations,
13068 We could actually have free trade within Canada. What an amazing concept. By the way, that's the reason why we did confederation,
13069 They'll see a small increase in their wealth, but it's not going to be anything to write home about,
13070 We are prepared to put on an amazing show,
13071 We even sought to provide incentives for foreign travel to Indonesia while everybody else was trying to stop it.
13072 Ideally you want all those small and medium-sized businesses that were solvent and doing a great job as of Feb. 1 to still be around and able to do business when folks can get back to work,
13073 The United States is one of the richest countries the world has ever seen,
13074 It is no abdication of budget responsibility to be spending what you need to spend to deal with this. In some ways it's like a wartime situation. We ran during the Second World War a budget deficit in excess of 20 per cent of GDP five years in a row.
13075 It's more like a wartime situation -- that this is money well spent.
13076 This is the biggest sustained giveaway since Norman Lamont's ill-fated pre-election Budget in March 1992,
13077 That has got benefits for Manitoba Hydro, and the people of Manitoba more generally,
13078 There is a bit of `I always wanted this' ,
13079 This is an agricultural revolution.
13080 When talking to young people, most don't want to sit in a serious circle -- it can be intimidating and distressing.
13081 But it shows that we move in a coordinated way in the region.
13082 First of all, how are we communicating? How are we getting the word out that there's a group in the community that wants to support at-risk people?
13083 I would suggest that we all work together to first rectify the reservation that was there for the community. And we must fight for it. Otherwise we cannot get anything.... You have to gather that data and create a condition to fight for it. Of course the political parties will fight for it but it must come from you,
13084 Before the Budget, the economy was in ICU. Now its been put on a ventilator,
13085 It is really a supply shock, and it's big enough to have macro repercussions. We're seeing it.
13086 It's not like there is a season where you use more toilet paper.
13087 The markets tend to exaggerate geopolitical developments,
13088 We wonder why-looking at other European countries-why the reaction is being considerably slower because they had the Italian example at hand for a few weeks already?
13089 What this crisis has brought to the forefront is that this isn't an academic debate anymore whatsoever,
13090 anticipating a $30 million reduction in revenue for 2020, comprised of a $17 million reduction in sponsorship sales, $10 million reduction in programmatic CPM-driven sales and $3 million in other revenue initiatives, such as events.
13091 Everyone, that is, but one person. That person made $350,000 last year to infrequently write stories that generated little meaningful viewership or revenue.
13092 Is there a time when I can get 15 minutes of your full attention?
13093 Social mores are improving, and many countries have improved the regulatory environment for women over the last two years.
13094 inaccurate and not fact based. It impugns the integrity of the African Development Bank, undermines our governance systems, and incorrectly insinuates that we operate under different standards from the World Bank.
13095 Non-transparent debt fuels inequality and underfunds urgent needs,
13096 This crisis will hit hardest poor countries that have high levels of indebtedness,
13097 legal rights for women are both the right thing to do and good from an economic perspective
13098 Something which was largely on the periphery of finance has come into the mainstream,
13099 This is a situation that should prove temporary.
13100 doesn't have any regrets with monetary policy
13101 That's the beauty of a daily serving of breakfast. You get to meet everyone in the news and you make the news on occasion. It's just different every day,
13102 The Bank of Canada highlights this factor in suggesting that the economy will continue to grow in 2020 and 2021. Certainly, it is a strong positive for the housing markets in these provinces,
13103 the economy received a second jolt when the GST was introduced in July 2017. Unlike demonetization, which had very little support from professional economists, the GST was universally regarded as a major reform of the indirect tax system. It was expected to generate larger revenues, and also simplify the system but it failed on both counts because of a flawed design and poor implementation.
13104 There can be no doubt, the US is Poland's most important ally, and it is right that we should purchase military hardware from US manufacturers,
13105 These will be the regional health meets, regional athletic meets, talent contests at the national level, so all the regions will gather in one place,
13106 where are they when these crises erupt?
13107 We either save avoidable deaths & destroy society OR accept avoidable deaths & save society. The moral dilemma of our time.
13108 Whether it be happiness or life satisfaction or other things like the economy.
13109 As a result, cross-country analysis has to be carefully undertaken so that correlation is distinguished from causality,
13110 Compared to 2005 when there were only six countries in active conflict on the continent and 7 armed conflicts, 15 years later and 10 years after the Union declared the need to silence the guns we have outperformed ourselves for the worse. The number of countries with armed conflicts has risen to 17. So, an over three-fold increase. From 6 to 7, that is almost 300 percent increase,
13111 current profits are low.
13112 That's how we can help you best.
13113 The open web allows any size company or individual creator in Canada to become a global business and reach customers,
13114 Don't use your rollover check for cornflakes. Use it to buy assets,
13115 I think consumers morally have a right to know in advance what their out-of-pocket costs for care will be, and this effort doesn't seem to provide that,
13116 It's not inevitable -- the risks have clearly risen, especially because of the stock market,
13117 The more he plays, the more Grant will influence games,
13118 There is no one, anywhere, better suited than Condoleezza Rice to lead the charge to build upon the legacy of the Hoover Institution and launch it into its second century of generating ideas and actions that lead to greater economic freedom and political freedom in the United States and around the world,
13119 But with the crisis at hand, the GDP of the world will come down by 2.2 per cent which looks small but is incredible in terms of the size and travesty it can cause,
13120 granted by the Constituent Assembly
13121 Someone has to see the opportunity for creating an ecosystem that builds a network of relationships among multiple players,
13122 These are some examples of what such interventions can do. We support, give them an enabling environment, provide a platform and think of our prosperity in a sustainable fashion,
13123 This scenario would put Japan and Europe in recession, and the U.S. close to zero,
13124 We've had a hard time with health and everything else like that,
13125 We have to win. Last year we were showing a lot of momentum. We were hoping to this year. A lot of things have gone well. We're a good shooting team, but the end result is we're not winning. Midway through this thing we have to discuss it. That's the bottom line.
13126 We've seen this movie before a few times and we know how, but definitely not when, it ends,
13127 What he has shown is if you put big enough tariffs on, that can change both the bilateral balance of trade,
13128 While there are a number of potential omitted variables such as experience in field, it is interesting to see that these findings align with the results about the gender pay gap found more generally outside academia. Pacheco et al (2017) found less than half the gender pay gap was explained by observables when using 2015 Income Survey data for New Zealand.
13129 neither a boon nor a bane
13130 The roof was in really bad shape,
13131 which suggests that in 1960, you had all these not-very-talented white men who were doctors and lawyers and lots of extremely talented people from other groups who were excluded. In the past 50 years, these groups have been changing places.
13132 Discrimination really shows up in specific employment opportunities,
13133 post-modern man, informed and global, after having achieved political democracy, is now seriously demanding economic democracy
13134 Taking what we saw in the first two weeks of March and then assuming things continue to get materially worse... our first-quarter revenue growth could be as low as 2% on an FX-adjusted basis. If things only get modestly worse from here in the coming days, our first-quarter adjusted revenue growth could be closer to 4%.
13135 that is what is going to be the main result of the SECURE Act, is the presence of variable annuities inside retirement plans,
13136 this is the steepest fall recorded since German reunification and the lowest value since July 2009,
13137 We need to raise our own education standards by encouraging our institutes,
13138 In case of Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, more than 50% of the drought-prone area is being serviced by four PSGICs, making combined losses worth 115%, whereas private players are servicing the better parts of country which have much less risk of loss.
13139 The government has worked to improve the trust of people -- they have done everything right in rescuing Yes Bank,
13140 With my books and O'Neil's books, you pretty much have everything you need right there for a growth strategy,
13141 I'm worried about a recession. I really am.
13142 But anecdotes can also spawn an, `Oh, I should look at that in the data.
13143 This recession is going to be more severe than the Great Recession.
13144 beyond this, I don't believe there are one-size-fits-all solutions for all schools.
13145 I want to be careful in saying anything is continuing as is,
13146 It's a work in progress, but other policymakers of developed countries are actually doing this.
13147 Looks like a lot of people should go to jail,
13148 Presidents mostly do not comment on the stock market because of the high risk of later developments making their comments look foolish,
13149 Whenever you're in a crisis, I think stimulus can't work until you tone down the public panic about the virus,
13150 These checks are going to be important for them to pay rent, to get groceries, just to keep the day-to-day things going on. So this is really important to Philadelphia.
13151 We have more people that are going to need these checks,
13152 We have already urged the government not to follow the Syria policy in Libya. We told them not to support one side but try to mediate between the fighting parties. Turkey has always followed this policy, between Iran and Iraq etc.. Turkey should embrace all the parties in this region and exert efforts for peace,
13153 disruptions and long periods of civil unrest,
13154 I think a lot of the things we think of as unpredictable people did predict,
13155 It has far too much to do with how much status you've already got... [ It's about ] seniority, power, privilege and patronage,
13156 Long-term we are focused on continuing our rapid growth to deliver value to our customers, shareholders and team members,
13157 While dementia isn't an inevitable part of getting older, factors including age, genetics and the environment affect the risk of developing the condition,
13158 Because it's the world's issue; it's a global issue. We're all in it together,
13159 LGBTQ youth are 120 percent more likely to experience homelessness than their straight and cisgender peers,
13160 These are the only suits I have. I'm not going out to Sears and Roebuck and buying a suit.
13161 This fiscal year, we will have surplus BoP. This indication can be seen.
13162 This shows a need for better advice and education to help older Australians manage their savings so they can have the confidence to spend their money and enjoy retirement.
13163 to make sure that it's more attractive for people to work and more attractive for companies to hire.
13164 25% reduction in sugar exports, conversion of importers instead of coffee exporters and 11% drop in industrial exports in those six years.
13165 There is a lot of global capital available,
13166 You may have seen some media reports relating to Edelweiss. I am writing to you directly, to assure you that Edelweiss has no relationship with Capstone Forex Pvt. Ltd and all allegations of FEMA violations are false,
13167 This is the quickest way we can, I think, jump-start government-wide climate action by encouraging agencies to use the tools that they already have,
13168 We didn't get nearly enough in the agreement, far from it,
13169 This Administration not only is not helping in our battle I think against the greatest threat we face on our planet -- there's way too much carbon in the air, the climate crisis -- they're actually going the wrong way, making it worse,
13170 without providing any evidence for doing so.
13171 I think in the short term, we don't need to worry about how to pay for it, we need to be spending money as fast as we can offset the hole in the economy. But in the long term, we can't do that forever.
13172 the long-term impact of fiscal stimulus depends on whether the income or transfer of receipts from the stimulus end up as capital investment (highways, research and development, etc.) that presumably add to private output per hour and standards of living.
13173 We ask you not to give in to provocation. All the houses that were destroyed, we will restore them, we will help families,
13174 We don't have subpoena power. We don't investigate every faculty member to determine whether or not they have outside engagements,
13175 out of touch with the broader society.
13176 Adele and I are doing well,
13177 You know what? These facilities are holding our musicians back,
13178 You need to know more about the parameters,
13179 The tax constitutes a reduction in the supply of capital, and as a result it will reduce investment in innovation, lower productivity growth, and thus reduce wage growth,
13180 These were perfectly sound companies operating responsibly with good labor forces and they got hit by a virus.
13181 First of all, money supply is going through the roof,
13182 If the NFL were to lose, I don't think it is necessarily so dramatic in terms of the way you will watch NFL on satellite or cable,
13183 is an American peculiarity.
13184 People shouldn't believe that we're going to be running out of toilet paper anytime soon.
13185 overpowered by American franchise chains that are well-known.
13186 There are conditions in which consumers are willing to not think about the yucky factor,
13187 Like when you're running and need to drink, putting a ball of water into your mouth where you eat the film along with water is fine.
13188 The fact is that we're hardly growing at all now,
13189 The recent outbreak in China -- with the SARS-CoV-2 believed to have emanated in a market where wild animals were sold -- highlights the biodiversity link. Nearly two thirds of known pathogens and three quarters of newly emerging pathogens are spread from animals to humans. This dangerous trend for disease spillovers from animals to humans can be traced to increased human encroachment on wildlife territory; land use changes that increase the rate of human-wildlife and wildlife-livestock interactions; and climate change.
13190 This is not about helping Wall Street, this is about helping Main Street,
13191 If we had a timely unemployment statistic, the unemployment rate would probably be up to 12 or 13% at this point and moving higher,
13192 First, unlike previous recessions, say 2008-2009, this is likely to be far shorter... By late 2020 hopefully firms will start hiring again strongly. In contrast, in 2008-09, the recession dragged on for years. Second, the Fed and Congress have both been extremely aggressive in rolling out stimulus packages involving generous unemployment insurance. So this offers hope that government support will be far more generous than in prior years.
13193 Five or 10 years ago, we would not have been buying,
13194 I of anybody knew what it was like to have this guy come at you,
13195 If I'm not a monster, then what am I?
13196 If stress is high, it's hard to read a book but relatively easy to look at shopping websites,
13197 The problem is of course that the (caring) activities face limits in shareholder-governed companies,
13198 They say avoid eating eggs, it will lead to high cholesterol. This sort of attitude needs to be kept regulated. What scientific evidence do you have to make such claims? If they can't answer, it needs to be punished in some way. Same for the media organizations that publish it. Everybody wants to play to the crowd. It's never to restrict what people have to say but to curb false advice,
13199 We have no evidence that 2020 is going to be a difficult economic year,
13200 The audiences who are working from home like the rest of us are starting to discover people from across the country.
13201 This integration has been explained by economists as an efficient coordination of risky, long-term, complementary investments,
13202 We just want to draw a map of what people think about, and how they respond.
13203 I am very pleased that we have been able to take this step to better support students with disabilities, and to demonstrate our commitment to their success,
13204 recruiting, retaining, and advancing a diverse campus community of faculty, staff, and students.
13205 no problem for the Governing Council to meet in some extraordinary way, not to wait until
13206 this extraordinary period more comfortable,
13207 described a fundamentally different approach to stock picking and investing in corporate securities by proposing that the investor should refrain from trying to anticipate price movements entirely. Instead, the investor should try to estimate the true Intrinsic Value of the underlying asset. Given time, the Intrinsic Value and market value would converge.
13208 Fur used to have its place for warmth and that, but it doesn't anymore. We don't need it,
13209 People will have to think about new trade routes, new production capacity.... We will have to rethink what borders are.
13210 We can give to the world much more than what we get from it,
13211 famines are extremely easy to prevent if the government tries to prevent them, and a government in a multiparty democracy with elections and free media has strong political incentives to undertake famine prevention.
13212 We must invest not only in artificial intelligence, but in human intelligence as well.
13213 Ensuring that there is a strong recovery from what will be a very sudden hold in Q1 is a very strong contribution to the world on its own,
13214 The new government will have to introduce more reforms (including security and human rights) in the country and economy, to make it more competitive and growth oriented and share its prosperity more equitably,
13215 Trump energizes people at his rallies but not beyond that hardcore group. They don't understand the fatigue that some Trump voters feel. People are tired of having to defend Trump's language.
13216 Two facts that are useful (because each upsets someone's talking point),
13217 We have covered areas like Tajbagh, Pardi, Wanjara as well as shelter homes.
13218 adamant that this is a long game (six months or more), and the longer we can hold out, and keep our students in school, even if just till term 2, the better,
13219 But that's an average break-even threshold for an industry with a wide variation in costs. That means at that level about half the companies can't pay their bills and half are treading water.
13220 He never paid a single dollar in bribes to anyone in Haiti. Dr. Baptiste only sought to encourage development in a poor country that he cares deeply about,
13221 This is not just a question of European solidarity, but also makes sense from an economic standpoint,
13222 We need to see why we repeatedly go to the IMF. Structural transformations are needed in Pakistan's production system -- agriculture, industry, or services -- to improve our productivity and export competitiveness,
13223 We tend to think of defensive medicine as... doctors doing extra testing because they're afraid of getting sued,
13224 young people of diverse faiths march together, Hindus and Muslims arm-in-arm behind our national flag, rejecting artificial divides stoked by political leaders for their own gain.
13225 And, of course, all of that is framed in the world of public relations, which is about crisis communication.
13226 The Doha Jewellery and Watches Exhibition has become a major destination for seekers of luxury and elegance from around the world because it enables direct interaction between brands and customers. Here, the most prestigious new brands are launched and the latest products and releases of some of the world's best-known international names are unveiled. The exhibition has contributed to reinforcing Qatar's position as a host of international exhibitions, and plays a critical role in supporting Qatari talent by providing a platform for them to market their products, launch their brands, and gain crucial experience through contact with the most prestigious players in the field,
13227 There is no substitute for California,
13228 Usually, the conversation immediately pivots to sort of far off long-term risks,
13229 We have problems all over the world... with the Middle East, Hong Kong, North Korea, and the South China Sea,
13230 Did Subprime Borrowers Drive the Housing Boom?
13231 racially imposed ban on the media
13232 After years of focusing on over-insurance, including due to the risk of further sanctions, the Russian authorities need to focus on domestic issues such as growth and better provision of public services,
13233 China is sufficiently important in the global economy today that others are bound to feel the strain,
13234 It's a problem now for hospitals to have sufficient inpatient revenues,
13235 this case is not typical since it is due to mental health issues rather than criminal history. The Defendant had a life-changing event when he was seventeen years old....
13236 We believe that after this epidemic is over, pent-up demand for consumption and investment will be fully released, and China's economy will rebound swiftly,
13237 age about 44 years, about 5 feet tall, dark yellow complexion and short black hair.
13238 If it goes well, it's great for everybody. Everyone's struggling to deal with this day to day, this changing world.
13239 If you've been ordered to close, the wage subsidy doesn't help you,
13240 It's not only the impoverishment of large sectors of the world population;
13241 almost always involves burning fossil fuels
13242 among the fifty-four countries around the world; Nigeria was ranked the most corrupt nation, scoring a dismal 0.69 out of 10 on corruption rankings. Despite this corrupt reputation everyone continues to lend
13243 Efforts to make the production of high-protein foods more sustainable must continue. These foods, many from animal sources, are vital for the healthy growth of young children, especially those who already have poor quality diets. So, it is vital that their production can be undertaken in a way that respects planetary environmental boundaries.
13244 It's an impediment to the growth to your league.
13245 It's not yet clear what the effect of the virus will have on our customers and suppliers.
13246 The reality is some of these places are not going to come back that quick and some of these places won't come back in my lifetime of beekeeping.
13247 This wasn't unheard of during the global crisis,
13248 warming is not very rapid
13249 We are either in a recession now or will be in one shortly,
13250 We want to see if our ordinance is up to date and whether we need to change.
13251 What everyone wants adds up to more than there is. Market economies deal with this problem by confronting individuals with the costs of producing what they want, and letting those individuals make their own trade-offs....
13252 I just thought I'd let you know that I did test positive for corona. I am battling it pretty hard never felt so sick in my life...
13253 I'm urging you to say that Merivale Road is not a lost cause, that we can fix Merivale Road, we can make it more liveable,
13254 It is the greatest tragedy of my life that I did not come to Israel.
13255 the time is right for a refresh
13256 We are a completely kid-friendly. We have a bus stop with high school student literally 50 feet away. We've got schools, day care centers,
13257 We know that cities can attract the disproportionately young and innovative,
13258 ... the environment could be used as a sink without becoming fouled.
13259 if we try, we can get there and we should get there for ourselves and for our children's sake.
13260 If you are not seen, you cannot be found and you do not exist,
13261 Provided that the rise in unemployment is limited to a max of around four percentage points (which I think is the aim of the government measures) and provided that essentially viable businesses don't have to be shut down, quite a lot of the economy will have a V-shaped recovery and GDP in 2021 or at worst early 2022 will be back where it was and on a growth track,
13262 So there is a real risk that without support until June the self-employed will feel they have to keep working, putting their own and others' health at risk.
13263 All offences are investigated by officers who are specially trained to support victims and who can, if victims give their consent, put them in contact with the specialist organisations and partner agencies we work with including a network of independent sexual violence advisors, who can offer support.
13264 Investors should apply pressure on company bosses, curb executive rewards, and ensure that those on the biggest salaries do the right thing by their workforce,
13265 Politicians focus on the issues that voters are concerned about, and our voters are increasingly concerned about climate change,
13266 The language would be less boilerplate. This would free us to explain our rationale and change the statement's language productively from meeting to meeting without fear of sending the wrong message.
13267 I dissented from the action of the majority of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC),
13268 We always have to come in with open minds about what's going on with the economy, and every day we're getting new information, especially with something that's fast-moving, like this,
13269 You don't like to see those numbers because it means people really are impacted by this,
13270 In my view, our current policy stance is appropriate given the outlook of growth near its trend pace, solid labor market conditions, and inflation rates not far
13271 The official community is monitoring developments closely. Where do we go from here? One thing is sure: financial markets will continue to dance to the tune of news about the virus, and of the authorities' response.
13272 The only precedent is a century ago, from 1915 through 1918, during the First World War and the influenza epidemic that followed it,
13273 A few people are getting very rich at the expense of the rest of us,
13274 The risks to these assumptions are largely to the downside,
13275 We are happy that Peshawar Zalmi and UNHCR will jointly partner to run an awareness campaign during the Pakistan Super League.
13276 I can't believe that the media would think that my bro Javed Afridi and I would ever have an issue. I'm actually laughing at this. Listen, guys, I love this man as my own brother. Are you guys serious? Peshawar Zalmi is my baby and nothing comes between us. Absolutely nothing,
13277 Whether these students wind up as musicians or mayors,
13278 as the ECB will want to keep some powder dry.
13279 Because organizations often do have more power, they are seen as having more discretion and more agency,
13280 If it is a pandemic, if it does show up in Europe and the United States, then that is the prescription for a global and U.S. recession,
13281 If the virus becomes a pandemic, and the market says there is a reasonable chance it can become pandemic, a recession globally is likely,
13282 There are many large multinationals with strong balance sheets and little debt, but there are also many highly leveraged companies that will likely face a Hobson's choice -- make their debt payments in a timely way or cut payrolls and investment. Either way the economy will suffer,
13283 People aren't going to feel like they're getting the truth... and if no one trusts, everyone panics.
13284 The botched policy response by the administration is adding to investor concerns,
13285 Small companies got hammered,
13286 This is a huge problem for major travel destinations, including in the U.S., where some 3 million Chinese tourists visit each year,
13287 It tells you about the risks if this goes on for several risks or several months,
13288 more careful with people's personal space
13289 after realising it was a mistake, what had happened
13290 As many know, there is some evidence that I would have liked to have seen exposed in this trial, but for various reasons we have not been able to do so; at some point those events will come to light, but it will not be this day for a very good reason,
13291 I wish I had got up and decked him one but it was like I was paralysed.
13292 Some but not all are fabrications, deliberate fabrications for political purposes.
13293 Nicola Sturgeon and many in the SNP's leadership cadre had grown tired of the ex-FM, sick of keeping his secrets from the membership, so sought to stop him.
13294 encouraged at least five other women to exaggerate or make claims against me
13295 Or we can follow his advice, solve this problem, and avoid a crisis.
13296 The lower inflation forecast and improved risk profile opens some space to provide further policy accommodation to the economy,
13297 investor appetite for rand-denominated equities and bonds is expected to remain weak
13298 The forecasts for 2020 and 2021 have also decreased to 1.2 percent (from 1.4 percent) and 1.6 percent (from 1.7 percent), respectively, due to lower growth than previously expected in quarter three and four. The GDP forecast for 2022 is 1.9 percent,
13299 When you have too many chasing too few goods, you will be faced with a situation where prices begin to rise,
13300 Other SSLs have done malware scanning, and identified specific problems, but didn't fix those problems. We have engineered the whole thing from scratch to be able to fix the problems.
13301 Problem with this very accomplished and erudite Foreign Minister is that he wishes to forget the books he read before becoming Foreign Secretary in Jan 2015. Do refresh your memory by reading the following series of letters,
13302 we are virtually non-existent in Bihar, we are almost extinct in Uttar Pradesh but we are strong in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. Haryana we have come back. We need to do much more to regain strength in other places.
13303 He would write to Nehru, `what's this Gandhi saying' , to which Nehru would reply, `My dear Krishna, if you want to understand India, you should understand Gandhi' .
13304 big challenge is to ensure that the BJP's performance in 2019 was an aberration
13305 There are opportunities, but also many challenges,
13306 We have seen the brutality, have seen the horrendous violence they have been responsible for,
13307 I know NATO is not a humanitarian aid organization, but what if NATO stepped in and took charge? Because no other organization is able to take charge; no other country is able to take charge.
13308 We do not seek confrontation with Russia, but the fact is that Russia's recent activities have reduced stability and security, increased unpredictability, and changed the security environment,
13309 We call on Russia and the Assad regime to stop the attacks, to stop the indiscriminate air attacks and also to engage and support UN-led efforts to find a lasting, political, peaceful solution to the crisis in Syria,
13310 We should not compete with ourselves while talking up our differences and talking down our strengths.
13311 There is no reason for it to be as bad as 2008 if we act as we have, and if there is that targeted support,
13312 planned extensively over the years for an event like this, and the UK is therefore well prepared to respond in a way that offers substantial protection to the public
13313 We will be monitoring closely how all banks use these enormous resources to help keep firms in business and people in jobs during the months ahead.
13314 A Framework for All Seasons?
13315 In this year of climate action, let's build on this momentum to improve the quality and quantity of disclosure and build a market in the transition to net-zero.
13316 The proportion of the population that are working is so high there's just not that much more of that to happen,
13317 We need a President focused on higher wages, affordable housing, access to healthcare, and a clean environment,
13318 We need to move forward as a country. We have had enough of political foolishness; people are dying in hospitals, there is hunger, Malawians are suffering out there,
13319 Malawians should find the right path in resolving issues with foreigners, not through property damaging and bookended,
13320 you do see for those countries material reductions in travel, both inside the countries and in and out of the country and that has caused a moderation in spending trends in those countries that for those countries is material,
13321 $1 trillion war chest
13322 new research that IMF staff have developed on the financial services sector and its impact on income inequality.
13323 What we're doing right now is reviewing country by country what are the financial needs, and engaging with these countries to make sure they are aware of this resource and we can immediately respond to them,
13324 From what we've seen, the initial round of budget cuts from brands has focused heavily on influencer campaigns, either as total cancellations or postponing activity to the end of the year,
13325 Our new research shows that inequality tends to increase before a financial crisis, signalling a strong link between inequality and financial stability,
13326 If we didn't have this synchronised monetary policy, growth would have been in the zone that by IMF assessments lingers into recession. So very important to recognise the contribution monetary policy has made,
13327 What we want is to guarantee that people are not going to die because of a lack of money,
13328 Several low - and middle-income countries have asked the IMF to make an SDR allocation, as we did during the Global Financial Crisis, and we are exploring this option with our membership,
13329 We have stated that the world is now in recession and that the length and depth of this recession depend on two things: Containing the virus and having an effective, coordinated response to the crisis,
13330 We are finally seeing women stepping up and men supporting that because gender equality is morally right but, beyond that, it's great economics.
13331 In parallel, the authorities have reaffirmed their commitment to the reform policies included in the current arrangement under the Extended Fund Facility (EFF). These reforms are crucial to boost Pakistan's growth potential to deliver broad based benefits for all Pakistanis, especially the most vulnerable segments of the population,
13332 We are working closely with the other international financial institutions to provide a strong coordinated response,
13333 A key concern about a long-lasting impact of the sudden stop of the world economy is the risk of a wave of bankruptcies and layoffs that not only can undermine the recovery. But can erode the fabric of our societies,
13334 18% of global [ gross domestic product ] and therefore we are seeing a country with more significance globally,
13335 Global growth in 2020 will dip below its last year's levels,
13336 Today we are confronted with a crisis like no other. COVID-19 has disrupted our social and economic order at lightning speed and on a scale that we have not seen in living memory,
13337 a worldwide carbon tax would achieve in one fell swoop what myriad command-and-control measures cannot easily replicate.
13338 The economic tools we are using are important, but it's anatural catastrophe or war -- we are in the middle of it and just getting out of it is kind of the main thing right now.
13339 inevitably involves messy, hard-fought compromises
13340 Buying sovereign bonds that are already at lowest yields in history and cutting rates only helps the already indebted, not the millions that will suffer (from) the collapse in revenues and working capital build. You don't solve a supply and epidemic shock with demand-side policies,
13341 In part because that means higher pay for the best teachers, and escorting persistently low-quality teachers out the door.
13342 The Government's new red lines make it exceedingly difficult for anything more than the standard third-country relationship with the EU on security co-operation to be negotiated,
13343 make [ herself ]... available for a session with the committee, on our response to Covid-19, towards the end of the month
13344 So I thought we should pull women's speeches together. It started to feel more important to do it last year because women are more likely to be targeted by abuse or threats so celebrating their voices felt more important than ever.
13345 Frankly the only way to turn this mess around is to create a system in our country which works for passengers rather than profiteers right across the board. That means ending the Frankenstein experiment of private railways once and for all.
13346 The new Customer Choice Award this year is based on real votes from real customers so we urge everyone to vote for their favourite baker; every vote really does count -- your local baker could walk off with one of our new awards.
13347 Therefore, this is not an internal issue, rather, it is a global issue that should be taken into serious consideration
13348 These are just a few examples of memorials across Florida honoring the brave men and women who have served our United States military.
13349 Unemployment benefits, as well, so don't give up and please don't risk your neighbors, your family going out there and not needing to be out there in the streets.
13350 subject to active individual monitoring
13351 to the sources of life and to the dumps where our refuse is piled
13352 Univision has a proven track record of success in reaching and serving the U.S. Hispanic community, who represent 1 in 5 Americans and growing. Most recently, Univision and its talented employees have made great strides under the leadership of Vince Sadusky and the stewardship of Chairman Haim Saban and the full Sponsor Group. The strong support of Televisa, a premier content producer in the Spanish speaking world, and Wade Davis, a proven executive in areas that include advanced advertising and digital distribution, further enhances our confidence in Univision's bright future.
13353 a huge and unavoidable economic cost,
13354 I believe that for the euro area there is some risk of Japanification,
13355 Among other things, it does have the potential to create a feeling of success and maybe even a habit,
13356 Carbon capture is very important because we have still a huge amount of fossil fuels in the market,
13357 With weaker electricity demand, power generation capacity is abundant. However, electricity system operators have to constantly balance demand and supply in real time. People typically think of power outages as happening when demand overwhelms supply. But in fact, some of the most high-profile blackouts in recent times took place during periods of low demand,
13358 signal that we have the opportunity to meaningfully move the needle on emissions through more ambitious policies and investments
13359 We now need to work hard to make sure that 2019 is remembered as a definitive peak in global emissions, not just another pause in growth. We have the energy technologies to do this and we have to make use of them all.
13360 Although we are facing serious problems, the oil markets hover around reasonable levels,
13361 The coronavirus crisis reminds us of electricity's indispensable role in our lives. It's also providing insights into how that role is set to expand and evolve in the years and decades ahead.
13362 We may see further downward pressure on prices in coming days and weeks,
13363 I should hope not. I am thoroughly convinced that the strategy is correct, which is proved by practice. I brought a concept when I started (as CEO). If the concept pivots I see no place for me in the company,
13364 It was wrong. You don't take American citizens' life, liberty and pursuit of happiness away just because they have Japanese ancestry.
13365 It actually lets people step in and experience what it was like for themselves,
13366 It's only up until his death that he finally becomes the man he's been searching for this whole time.
13367 Like in a war or a political crisis, there is continued severe uncertainty about the duration and intensity of the shock.
13368 The growth profile for the group reflects a combination of projected recovery from deep downturns for stressed and under-performing emerging market economies and an ongoing structural slowdown in China,
13369 These have created large network effects: The more people use the dollar, the more useful it becomes to everyone else. This has been reinforced as emerging markets, which rely extensively on the dollar, increase their share of global economic activity. Their share of global domestic product now stands at 60 percent.
13370 Higher borrowing costs will expose financial vulnerabilities that have accumulated during years of low-interest rates, leading to a heightened risk that debt cannot be rolled over,
13371 It is very likely that this year, the global economy will experience its worst recession since the Great Depression (1929-1933), surpassing what was seen during the global financial crisis a decade ago,
13372 Central banks should be ready to provide ample liquidity to banks and nonbank finance companies, particularly to those lending to small - and medium-sized enterprises, which may be less prepared to withstand a sharp disruption.
13373 the combination should help in bringing down debt levels slowly over time.
13374 diminished fears of a no deal Brexit
13375 There are no simple answers on how Africa can build cohesive and peaceful institutions when there is much reliance on natural resources,
13376 I think that is the tricky balance that government have to hit.
13377 mission statement: to get the cash flowing, keep workers and we're doing everything we can to get that done
13378 The stability of the banking sector is backed by the Australian government's Financial Claims Scheme, providing protection for certain deposits up to $250,000.
13379 We are prepared to act in the market if liquidity conditions are such that it's not two-sided and the exchange rate is not just moving around for no fundamental reason,
13380 That's why I'm excited that we plan to hire an additional 1,000 people in London this year alone. London is home to Facebook's biggest engineering hub outside the US and we're committed to investing here for the long-term.
13381 We made a series of errors labelling this piece, and we apologise for any confusion this may have caused,
13382 Things will never be the same -- but the world is better for the years my beloved husband lived.
13383 (We) want everyone to be in control of their privacy on Facebook.
13384 For you to say a man is yelling at the workplace, he has to be Steve Jobs... he has to, like, scream,
13385 should not be left in control of Facebook.
13386 This is a severe public health challenge for China and the rest of the world. It calls for ongoing coordinated action and continued transparency inside China and around the world.
13387 pushing large amounts of money into Nigeria, SA, and others without the strongest programme to sustain it and push it forward
13388 This statement is inaccurate and not fact based. It impugns the integrity of the African Development Bank, undermines our governance systems, and incorrectly insinuates that we operate under different standards from the World Bank. The very notion goes against the spirit of multilateralism and our collaborative work,
13389 This is pure trade diversion and will allow China to keep its current account surplus intact,
13390 Some may perceive the coronavirus as the nail in the coffin, but it isn't, because it allows China to conduct a big stimulus,
13391 We used our charm. [ Laughs ] He's the best of the best over there. He's one of the top dogs. And it was like, `Hey, man. Maybe you'd be interested in helping us out. Teach us the ropes, because it is definitely harder catching fish than it is crab.' He wasn't exactly tickled pink at the beginning, but after we started getting at it and working together every day, he was pretty excited to see what was going to happen too.
13392 We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salary.
13393 If I can reach just a small number of these kids, and make their lives better, and give them that shot, which is what people did for my family over the years, it's really my pleasure and my obligation to do that.
13394 When all four are present, we tread more lightly on the planet. We progressively dematerialize our consumption, reduce pollution, and take better care of our fellow creatures,
13395 Will self isolation work? There was a news article yesterday (04/03) where a man in Tasmania was told to self...
13396 But we know that competition is lost when main incumbents acquire innovative new competitors.
13397 by bringing Vodafone and TPG together, we have a good chance to give much more competition
13398 Southern states risk facing a shortfall in the medium term unless there is more exploration and development in the south, or new infrastructure to bring more supply to southern states,
13399 We are in the very early stages, but certainly it is something that is potentially very serious.
13400 Motorists are being taken for a ride and being ripped off when times are tough.
13401 We are seeking feedback from industry participants on whether the divestment package will be sufficient to address the competition concerns.
13402 Medical technology companies will now be able to roll out a coordinated plan for supplies of medical equipment nation-wide, which is likely to be crucial in assisting Australia's response to COVID-19,
13403 I think the gas industry as a whole certainly has to carry a lot of blame for the mess. And it is a mess that we are in; the companies that are closing down and [ then ] the trouble this is causing for Australian manufacturing and Australian jobs,
13404 appropriate and necessary at this time
13405 If the ACCC won 100 percent of the cases we took it would be a sign we weren't doing our job properly; by only picking `safe' cases and not standing up for what we believe in,
13406 The gas companies assured governments that the local market would be fine, that prices wouldn't go up. And that turned out not to be the case.
13407 About 55 to 57 percent of the Democratic primary and caucus electorate are women, so if women aren't voting for her, by definition, how can it be sexist?
13408 An entrepreneurial society needs an entrepreneurial state, one that through visionary and strategic public investments, distributed across the innovation chain, can create animal spirits in private businesses,
13409 As companies, from airlines to retail, come asking for bailouts and other types of assistance, it is important to resist simply handing out money. Conditions can be attached to make sure that bailouts are structured in ways that transform the sectors they're saving so that they become part of a new economy -- one that is focused on the green new deal strategy of lowering carbon emissions while also investing in workers, and making sure they can adapt to new technologies.
13410 And, through that I have a real sense of knowing myself and a level of confidence that I lacked when I had hair.
13411 I went through a very dark stage where I stopped going to the gym, avoided social events, found it hard to drag myself out of bed and just wallowed in self-pity. It made me feel like I'd somehow lost my identity.
13412 Dismissal needs to be restricted in some way. No one should be left without jobs or food during this period. In this sense, we are providing all kinds of support to you. Unfortunately, some of the unemployed are uninsured and some are insured,
13413 Any sort of development will affect Turkey. Our expectation from [ President Recep Tayyip ] Erdoan is to pursue policies with restrain in the Middle East and to keep Turkey away from the fire in the region,
13414 final ball could do with improving
13415 It's really exciting to be working with Westlake Pro and the new showroom because they have enormous experience, ranging from frontline sales to complete integrations and development of some of the biggest, most famous studios around the world. With products like mixing consoles, support is very important. Westlake's experience with design and integration, as well as on-going support for the products they sell, means that we are in a really good position to work together moving forward both with existing and new products.
13416 It's just all kinds of ridiculous, and this cast is truly able to execute some really impressive comic timing.
13417 As an ecologist, history is written in fossils. We know there were dinosaurs there and we know there were giant penguins too -- six feet tall in fact. We reconstructed a penguin from a single metatarsal that was found -- it is amazing what you can do with one bone,
13418 Hey guys I tested positive yesterday for corona. I've been really sick for seven days battling the symptoms thank goodness no respiratory distress,
13419 I'm not asking anyone else to go with me, but I do believe that there is opportunity for us to go straight to the lion's den.
13420 Our current recycling system is no longer economically viable, and in many cases could not be considered recycling-it goes in the right bin, but what happens next is another thing altogether.
13421 This is something that we monitor carefully and we work with the United Nations and World Health Organization and other partners to track what is happening and offering support to the government of China first, but also to all countries in the region and beyond,
13422 totally dependent on a public pension
13423 We made sure that players could intuitively understand how to interact with the Circle while, behind the scenes, producers had access to robust functionality to allow them to manage players' interactions.
13424 explore celebrities and their relationships in a whole new way
13425 What about NBFCs and payments firms? There is no limit for foreign ownership of NBFCs. 100 per cent ownership is allowed in this through automatic route,
13426 As a Jewish person, I felt like antisemitism was always around,
13427 It was a quest to don that vigilante cape in the face of rising antisemitism in the world -- racism, xenophobia. It was a desire to shed light on hidden crimes and hidden truths. And it was also kind of a desire to create a sense of catharsis and wish fulfillment for a young Jewish kid growing up on Long Island who wanted to see superheroes who looked like him on screen.
13428 I am forever grateful to the Auschwitz Memorial for all of the important and vital work that they do, for keeping the memory of victims and survivors like my grandmother, Sara Weil, alive,
13429 Why did I feel this scene was important to script and place in series? To most powerfully counteract the revisionist narrative that whitewashes Nazi perpetration, by showcasing the most extreme -- and representationally truthful -- sadism and violence that the Nazis perpetrated against the Jews and other victims.
13430 For example, the tattoos [ in Hunters ], are all above the number 202499, which the last known recorded number for a Holocaust victim. So we chose in giving our characters tattoos that all their numbers were above that number. We didn't want to use the number of a real survivor,
13431 And as a young kid -- 5, 6 years old -- hearing those stories, they felt like the stuff of comic books and superheroes,
13432 This unprecedented situation has revealed something that has existed for a long time. This is showing the cost of that problem,
13433 The first meeting was just him making sure that we were down-to-earth people, because he's very much down-to-earth himself. He is an incredibly lovely and generous man of spirit, of his time, of his craft, and it was just so unique to see him come in and do what he did with this role. And in a way that I could've never imagined.
13434 In speaking to the `chess match' scene specifically this is a fictionalised event. Why did I feel this scene was important to script and place in series? To most powerfully counteract the revisionist narrative that whitewashes Nazi perpetration, by showcasing the most extreme and representationally truthful sadism and violence that the Nazis perpetrated against the Jews and other victims,
13435 vestiges of the nightmarish world she had survived.
13436 The scope of suffering is overwhelming,
13437 Given the incredible deterioration of the labor market in a matter of weeks, federal policymakers will absolutely need to come back and provide more desperately needed relief, and more support for the recovery once the lockdown is over.
13438 While coronavirus layoffs began last week, the full weight of the impact -- while swift -- is still ramping up as businesses realize what they are up against,
13439 Unemployment remained low, job growth was reasonably steady, inflation was moderate, the Federal Reserve had taken no recent steps to curb U.S. economic growth to avert wage or price inflation. Consumer confidence was reasonably high, and there was little sign of financial distress either among U.S. businesses or households.
13440 Watch for scraps of information on the behaviour of consumers. If the thing is passing and you see people going back to restaurants and beauty salons... things like that where you're in close human contact, that would be a sign that the anxiety is being alleviated,
13441 Every dollar of capital that goes to shareholders is a dollar not there to absorb losses and support their lending. Keep it!
13442 They can't do Boeing Co.. BA, +9.92% and not the airplane industry,
13443 the cyclists of tomorrow... the skills and confidence to begin cycling now
13444 I was just highlighting three groups of insiders with vested interests who have resisted my proposed reforms to their protected citadels,
13445 This means the Government and its agencies continuing to implement life-saving measures contained in the road safety strategy.
13446 It's the sort of phraseology I use in print. I'm really sorry if it hurt him, because I didn't mean to hurt him at all. I thought it was just part and parcel of the political colour.
13447 The economy will naturally dedollarise instead of redollarising. However, from the look of things, this can only happen after 2020. But the key advice to Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe governor John Mangudya is for him to let the market speak. Respect market forces and don't overregulate and change goalposts in the middle of the game. It saps away the confidence in the economy. In fact, we need to respect the belief that in their imperfections, the principles of free market economy and good governance are the best drivers of modern-day successful economies,
13448 In terms of prospects for this year, our expectation is that the economy will perform better than last year and we expect growth of 3 percent in terms of GDP growth. You have seen the forecast from the World Bank at 2,7 percent in terms of GDP growth and the IMF (International Monetary Fund) forecast is just below 2 percent. So there is some positive growth if one were to put all of those together, including our own 3 percent GDP growth rate.
13449 Contracts have been signed, and we are already importing food,
13450 The project is consistent with the AFDB's Group 10-year strategy of 2013-2022 which aims to place at the centre of Africa's transformation,
13451 We've had people from Australia, Sweden, England, a lot of Canadians of course. They come from everywhere,
13452 falsely telling [ Phillips ] that he had the security paperwork required to take Brown around security.
13453 Mathematically it's almost impossible to do it all in one year.
13454 Singapore marks our fifth international premium lounge, and we are delighted to develop our portfolio worldwide, offering sophisticated, modern and spacious lounges to our passengers, who can expect to receive exceptional services like never before throughout their journey with Qatar Airways.
13455 The prospect of watching Ellyse Perry and co. take on the best from around the world is tantalising, and I encourage everyone to take the opportunity to come out and watch them play.
13456 Beechworth wasn't directly touched by fire, but the impact on their tourism sector was plainly obvious to me and to the local council representatives I spoke to while I was up there,
13457 Our Towong Cup meeting is shaping as a real winner and we're keen to welcome families and visitors to enjoy a great day out,
13458 These are bargains of a lifetime if we manage this crisis correctly,
13459 For all of the above reasons, we became increasingly positive on equity and credit markets,
13460 The only shared sacrifice that is going on right now is the health care community, the nurses, the doctors, the people taking care of patients,
13461 We'd have to start to see a run on bottled water, self-quarantine, shutting down airports, that kind of thing, before it would be very scary from an economic perspective anywhere except China,
13462 GDP per capita in Israel remains lower than the OECD average. The ultra-Orthodox share of the population is constantly increasing, and is expected to reach one-third by 2065,
13463 first requires finding places where you can increase efficiency without increasing expenses,
13464 I think moral hazard in past circumstances, when it's been associated with financial excesses or private sector excesses, is obviously something to assess and think about, but in this case this is an entirely exogenous event,
13465 it is still too soon to tell the impact of the coronavirus outbreak on the US economy,
13466 In light of the implications of global developments for the economic outlook as well as muted inflation pressures, the committee decided to lower the target range for the federal funds rate to...
13467 noticeable impact on Chinese growth.
13468 On the one hand you do want to have a test, you want to know a diagnosis,
13469 I think you just have to take it a day at a time.
13470 On the part of devolution of taxes, the Union government has not given us Rs 11,213 crore due to low tax collections by them. Next, we have been deprived of grants amounting to Rs 37,973 crore. Although GST compensation is our Constitutional right, we have been deprived Rs 1,300 crore this month itself,
13471 You will appreciate that the present situation in the country qualifies for being more than an emergent situation,
13472 This will benefit 35 lakh poor families,
13473 the economy had a modest but rising margin of spare capacity.
13474 The review will be looking at how we keep to a really strong, value proposition,
13475 Home sellers benefit when their agent takes time to develop good descriptions of features appropriate for attracting the correct targeted buyers,
13476 They should make it clear that further accommodation is necessary.
13477 We are super-humble doing this projection, given how uncertain things are,
13478 A G20 coordinated health, fiscal and monetary policy response would not only send a strong confidence message but also multiply the effect of national actions,
13479 What's really unaffordable is the current system. We spend about twice the average for affluent countries in the OECD on healthcare,
13480 When we were organizing the Vista Linda group online, other people outside of Vista Linda started saying, this is a good idea!
13481 do nothing for as long as possible
13482 If events in the Middle East drive oil prices up substantially, markets probably will become nervous about growth and will push the Fed to respond with lower interest rates,
13483 It removes one key element of the uncertainty facing investors, though the other two -- the extent and duration of the spread of the disease, and the ultimate fiscal response -- are still unknown,
13484 It didn't have to be this way; the US could have followed the lead of several major European countries and offered job retention programs, paying most of people's salaries, but preferred instead to increase and extend unemployment benefits,
13485 Manufacturing accounts for only 8.4% of payrolls, but it punches above its weight in the eyes of the markets, media, and politicians,
13486 I think it's probably somewhere around seven or eight per cent as sort of a one-off reduction due to the shut downs and the lock downs and the restrictions being placed on the economy
13487 QE as defined by the purchase of government bonds by the central bank will be of little use in Australia even in the most dire of economic circumstances,
13488 That's the shock that has hit the economy right now,
13489 smash the c ** tz in court.
13490 I'd end up sticking it on him.
13491 He's obviously gon na say no, because he'd like to be the person to break the news to people because he's the f *** ing oracle. And obviously I'm his little brother, who's doing well and I'm here to spoil the f *** ing party.
13492 Sick of pleading, begging, etc,
13493 Hopefully Noel puts everything aside to do it for the NHS.
13494 I think I'd end up sticking it on him.
13495 I want a life where I feel more financially stable.
13496 He rang me 11 times in one night. It was, `f *** ing b *** h this, f *** ing b *** h that' .
13497 Sorry for the ban but it's fair.
13498 The thing with being famous, right,
13499 The business community feels just now [ that it is living in ] such a fractured world. So it's even more important for them to have a platform to interact,
13500 The next decade must see unprecedented levels of collaboration if we are to meet global climate, biodiversity, and Sustainable Development Goals,
13501 consciously protects our biosphere and champions a circular, shared and regenerative economy. It continuously expands the frontiers of knowledge, innovation and technology to improve people's well-being.
13502 The total number of people infected with the Covid-19 virus in the Italy is 47,021 and the number of deaths is 4,032. Italy alone has the highest number of deaths even surpassing China and the third-highest number of deaths was in Iran after China. According to a report, China's `One Belt One Road' [ OBOR) ], that is, Belt Road Project, is a major contributor to the spread of this infection in Italy and Iran. Despite being so far away from China, the cause of the outbreak of the coronavirus in these two countries can be easily explained by OBOR linkages,
13503 Collectively, our aim should be that the pain caused by this Chinese virus should be minimal and the kickstart of the economy should be quicker,
13504 We triumph, we keep coming for more,
13505 Massport is an essential organization to the Commonwealth and the region, and we look forward to utilizing the Center's public management expertise to help the CAC fulfill its critical role in advising Massport, the Governor, and the Legislature.
13506 This grant enables the district to address outdated assets and implement improvements to Newton Park while also reducing the financial burden for the District and residents,
13507 What has happened can lead to decoupling between the US and China. To me, this will keep global growth weaker in the years to come. Meanwhile, hard Brexit has been avoided for the time being, negotiations on a final deal will take more time,
13508 Earlier this month, it took just 15 days for the US stock market to plummet into bear territory (a 20% decline from its peak) -- the fastest such decline ever,
13509 to tip the global economy into persistent depression and a runaway financial-market meltdown.
13510 For now, there is not much to be optimistic about,
13511 This trifecta of risks -- uncontained pandemics, insufficient economic-policy arsenals, and geopolitical white swans -- will be enough to tip the global economy into persistent depression and a runaway financial-market meltdown,
13512 What makes me feel so good is the happiness the Twins have brought to everybody in the tri-state area,
13513 When Amazon started, it wasn't a major challenge to figure out, `Well, how are people going to pay for the books that they order? '
13514 It's one thing if Wuhan is on lockdown, another if all of China is on lockdown, another if all of Asia is on lockdown, and another if the whole world is on lockdown,
13515 Without law, we scramble to hide in our own lives, while our children debate encryption strategies around the dinner table and students wear masks to public protests as protection from facial recognition systems built with family photos.
13516 actually, you are not even the products. You are just the raw materials.
13517 A new economic order that claims human experience as a free raw material for hidden commercial practices of extraction, prediction and sales.
13518 Certainly, in some of the rural areas, which have not done well in the past few years. Building more roads there, more transfers, enhancing spending in the national rural employment guarantee plan. These would be ways of alleviating the stress in some of the poorest households.
13519 We have already seen one consequence of not doing so - the movement of migrant labour. Another will be people defying the lockdown to get back to work if they cannot survive otherwise.
13520 In some ways right now we have more of a luxury as policymakers,
13521 Some Canadians are becoming increasingly concerned with the environmental impact of animal agriculture, the ethics of eating animals, and possible health risks associated with consuming animal products,
13522 And yet, in three days, they were all full again.
13523 Saputo's structure needs to change. It's similar to Maple Leaf Foods in recent months. They completely changed the structure of the company in order to adapt to consumer trends,
13524 The same has to happen for oats, but we are going to need capital, knowledge and, most importantly, leadership.
13525 Oat milk checks many boxes, from sustainability and animal welfare to domestic production,
13526 In 2018 we estimated that 6.4 million Canadians already follow a diet that restricts meat partially or completely,
13527 The government should say `we understand that and we are prepared to do whatever it takes. We have a bunch of policy options and we're working on them now. '
13528 This has been a pressing concern for the past three years. The impact of protectionist actions and uncertainty about what might come next continues to hold back exports and investment globally,
13529 demonstrate there is ample additional lending support for clients and to underscore the value of this facility for the market.
13530 this fiscal package is going to make a big difference.
13531 My motto is you always ignore what the market is telling you at your peril,
13532 Macroeconomic shocks happen all the time and economies adjust to them,
13533 Countries like Taiwan [ were ] very fast to ban the exportation of masks,
13534 If your blood sugars run too high, you can have very severe complications. And it can kill you,
13535 Now that my boys are teenagers, it's easier to work shifts and I'm really proud to be back working in the airline industry in my 50s. I used to tell my boys all about my flying days and now here I am doing what I love again.
13536 That only means you have to react faster, and react in more places at the same time, and it means you have to react in ways that is much more coordinated across programs.
13537 The government needs to be ready with financial support for businesses and workers whose incomes are temporarily affected by this type of shock,
13538 The work that Jonny is doing in raising awareness of these issues is vital and we are so proud and delighted that he came to talk to us this morning,
13539 We discussed the issue [ absence of training ] with the primary education ministry and the NCTB,
13540 did not arise out of the blue in early 2020
13541 At the same time the public needs to be fair to politicians as I think expectations were maybe raised too far ahead of last week's agreement -- it isn't the new Jerusalem that many anticipated.
13542 That just puts the focus back on: you've got to slow the spread of this disease,
13543 This calendar, once in place, will never have to be changed.
13544 This, of course, has not been the fault of the artists, filmmakers, writers, musicians and other creatives actively striving for excellence in their various fields, rather, a direct consequence of these people having to work in a scarcely supported industry. This is where Access Bank comes in. As with the few indigenous corporations who have identified the funding gaps and potential in Africa's creative industry, Access Bank has sunk its feet into the entertainment industry to enable, empower and spotlight the best of Africa's talents across the film, art, music and fashion sectors.
13545 U.S. embassies throughout the world should be on alert, not just for the next few days but for at least another year.
13546 I was always surprised by how unfailingly gracious he was with his time,
13547 You don't need to give money to rich people,
13548 This is not the time to look at the past and what Italy did wrong,
13549 ... they (key indicators) are either in negative growth or barely positive growth territory... the comparison is to the real sector of the economy... growth, investment, export and import... which matter for jobs. It is also a matter of how much revenue the government has to spend on social programmes,
13550 bigger deficits wouldn't wreck the nation's finances.
13551 Everywhere else, economic activity needs to be revived.
13552 consternation in the industry as the organised tea industry is facing a continuing downward slide
13553 I think it'll be a decline in exports, especially to China, say raw materials and rock lobster and other things.
13554 Nobody is going to get hired next week,
13555 We just ran the numbers carefully over the weekend, and we think second quarter's going to be about minus 5%, and we think the jobs number in early April might be as much as minus a million or so because... nobody is going to get hired next week,
13556 The issue is we think next week.... there will be no hires,
13557 you'll have the worst jobs number ever.
13558 In such a scenario, raising India to become a $5 trillion economy by 2024-25 is wishful thinking
13559 It needs to be emphasised that the Tendulkar poverty line is not meant to be an acceptable level of living for the aam aadmi. It is actually the standard of living of those at the poverty line in 1973-74.
13560 lower interest rates can help overcome the economic and health anxieties
13561 is nowhere near where we should be.
13562 The sky is not falling. This is a difficult time, but in many ways, it could be our finest hour.
13563 Unlike the stock market, home prices do have a stickiness; whatever their momentum is, they only slowly change from month to month,
13564 hope [ s ] the price increase in 2020 is more moderate at 3% or 4%,
13565 On behalf of the board of directors and the PNB family, I would like to express our gratitude and sincere appreciation to Datin Paduka Kartini for her immense contribution to the group. We wish her well and look forward to continue working with her in her role as PNB's nominee director on the boards of some of our investee companies,
13566 There is a temptation for students to take the jobs offered to them,
13567 Hourly workers tend to be the most vulnerable during an economic downturn like this. Understanding how they're being affected is critical for policymakers who are considering how to better support this workforce,
13568 How is that any better than China?
13569 I know Joe Biden can do it. I'm not sure who else can.
13570 Quantitative easing and forward guidance can provide the equivalent of about 3 additional percentage points of short-term rate cuts.
13571 Vigilance and appropriate policies, including macro-prudential and regulatory policies, are essential.
13572 The other possibility is people being exposed to environments that affect their immune systems following their release from hospitals, which could also result in re-activation.
13573 We want the situation to plateau first. April 14-16 could be a kind of watershed moment that defines whether we level off or continue to see growth,
13574 In connection with the clarifications received (order by the Transport Ministry dated January 25, 2020), operational order 89 dated January 30, 2020 is canceled,
13575 We've been investing heavily by developing our capabilities in hardware engineering as well as building out supply and physical distribution chains.
13576 As [ Pichai ] said, this is challenging time,
13577 High debt levels make the corporate sector in key economies, including the U.S., particularly vulnerable to the sharp slowdown in global economic activity,
13578 I think there are three things why their happiness goes up,
13579 It will be a longer, more drawn-out process, because China was able to limit the bulk of the cases to a single large province, whereas in the U.S. and Europe there are multiple sources of transmission,
13580 Just as no part of the global economy will be insulated from the impact of the virus, no major part of the global economy will be insulated if dollar funding markets break down,
13581 Manitoba has the most comprehensive measure of regulations across North America,
13582 Currently, Hudson does not have any failing schools, but that could easily change with such a broken evaluation system,
13583 Staying home is the key to this,
13584 not affect budget and macroeconomic stability.
13585 The Higgs boson relates to a force field that fills the universe in kind of an invisible way, except, as best as we can tell, it gives origin to the mass of all the fundamental particles.
13586 the most likely profile of the economy would be a `Nike swoosh' -- with near-term uncertainty impacting investment and confidence, ahead of a later recovery
13587 would never have become a software entrepreneur if he'd stayed in Guwahati.
13588 Oregonians don't have the same perspective on people living here as (people in Hawaii) do,
13589 but there are things than can move us in that direction.
13590 so different based on geography - and, too often, race-then our system is totally flawed.
13591 As I've been in this transition period, it's become ever more clear to me that our strength comes from our unity, and that sometimes just because something can be done doesn't mean it should be done,
13592 If we look at the performance of equities since late 2018, the markets have been largely shrugging off any apparent risks to economic growth but if U.S.-China trade concerns and Brexit weren't enough to rattle investor sentiment, it appears that COVID-19 could be the tipping point.
13593 I'm not quite as bearish as I was even though it has a longer way to go down,
13594 Some of these companies are awfully cheap, they're very cheap,
13595 there are no plans nor any support
13596 H1N1 in 2009 infected 61 million Americans. 61 FREAKING MILLION. COVID-19 has infected 1000. COVID-19 has received 10,000 times the media coverage H1N1 received. Yes folks, it's all politics.
13597 A lot of people talk about this idea of, `do you want to win? Do you want to lose? '
13598 depends on how much of the stimulus is capitalized and contributes to growth in the nation's business sector's production capital stock and hence to productivity,
13599 Every economic crisis is a cleansing. One can exploit it to emerge stronger,
13600 It might seem shocking,
13601 The UK Presidency and all Governments should use this time to design resilient recovery and transition plans that consider climate, biodiversity, development and social justice in an integrated way,
13602 Why Fascism is the Wave of the Future.
13603 As of January 2020, these estimates are soberingly low,
13604 It took some of the chapters from that (NAFTA) and made that the heart of the new USMCA,
13605 Back around 2005, 2006, it would be fair to say that China was intervening to keep the currency low,
13606 When the US cares a lot about a particular lending program, it can stop it by blocking it politically,
13607 leading in turn to more infections, and possibly to the virus' spread beyond Iran's borders.
13608 new, exciting, strategic and impactful engagement
13609 make a single dollar of investment on coal projects,
13610 Supply chains are being destroyed-from agriculture to electronics to small parts for vehicles. China used to account for 1.5% of global trade, now they account for a third.
13611 That makes it particularly costly in economic terms.
13612 The coronavirus underscores how misguided the attacks on Medicaid have been,
13613 What Putin is trying to do is he's putting his foot down in the Middle East wherever he can,
13614 absolutely destroyed the property.
13615 Apple, what do you think,
13616 Institutionalising Microfinance in Bangladesh: Players, Games and Outcomes
13617 Russia has already handed over test systems for such diagnostics to its EAEU partners,
13618 A lot of people are trying to park their money in real estate.
13619 All Bank Indonesia's policy instruments are focused on keeping and strengthening the economic growth momentum,
13620 The government absorbed Rp 22.2 trillion from the Rp 15 trillion indicative target from the auction, having received total bids of Rp 35.5 trillion,
13621 China is slowly starting to open up, so we're getting shipments,
13622 Every surface in every hospital will be now covered in copper,
13623 Remember, life is valuable. The Bible teaches [ us that ] we were created by God in His image and according to His likeness. Killing life outside the due process of the law is murder,
13624 Bagamat ito ay bahagi ng signs of the second coming of Jesus sa Matthew, Chapter 24, ito po ay bunga ng curses of sins. Ito po ang katotohanan,
13625 The same policy choice that helps the central bank achieve its inflation target in the short run may be making it more difficult to attain its target in the longer run,
13626 Tis the season for smoke and mirrors, falalalal, lalala, no one knows what's going on.... falalal, lalala
13627 We are experiencing a major economic shock,
13628 Whatever is necessary needs to be done but if unity is not there, then still we have to move on,
13629 Why did the peaceful protesters in Northeast Delhi have so little help from police, in fact sometimes just the contrary?
13630 It could be an ICC in the Hague,
13631 The 33 men knew what they were up against. They knew the odds of rescue were near zero, but they teamed up and somehow coped in a hopelessly difficult situation. Engineers showed up from various arenas to team up and innovate,
13632 The global financial crisis was kind of endogenous in the economic system meaning that there was a strong capital stock distortion in some countries and there was a problem of over-indebtedness. These two roots of a crisis are much harder to cure than the situation that we are facing today where we have an interruption of production structures, which in principle are fundamentally sound,
13633 The Stock Market Is Worth Less Than Half of What It Was Worth 20 Years Ago
13634 There's nothing smart about doing it too early,
13635 Various small businesses -- and particularly those that are black owned -- are not capitalized to be able to withstand an economic downturn where you shut their business down for an extended period of time,
13636 [ N ] ow is the time to engage with China.
13637 If we could abolish the consumption of skunk, we would have 30% fewer patients,
13638 It is surprising that Congi and Commie leaders are attacking the transfer of Judge Muralidhar. The decision was endorsed by the Judges Collegium of the Supreme Court. If politicians are free to comment, then it is open to other politicians to comment too.
13639 So, how to get that 3.7 percent (efficiency factor to use investments)? (We need) to fight corruption, secondly, to reward those who will invest
13640 All that we can say is, the BJP government has has acted,
13641 I am waiting for evidence from all enthusiasts that proves since Jagan became CM there has been increase in TTD Christianisation. What has happened so far other places in the last five years was done by TDP government,
13642 Phase out gasoline and diesel in transportation as fast as you can.
13643 So for those who are sitting alone, they're not alone.
13644 Still, small business owners are pulled in many directions and rarely have time to focus on reducing energy costs. So Lime provides completely turnkey services to take the hassle out of the project and minimize the time that business owners need to dedicate to their upgrade.
13645 the epidemiologists are lying to us about people dying.
13646 the SECURE Act is not that dramatic,
13647 to our conflict-of-interest personnel,
13648 unlikely to have a detectable influence on the Sil River
13649 As a management we think there's a case for limited and incremental expansion into sub-Saharan Africa and we be will putting that case to our shareholders,
13650 Confidence is not just the emotional state of an individual. It is a view of other people's confidence, and of other people's perceptions of other people's confidence.
13651 I don't think the conditions are partially ripe for aggressive increases in prices,
13652 The economy can rebound and some of the shortfalls you are talking about may not be as bad.
13653 I think the possibility of a lockdown of the Tokyo metropolitan area is rising,
13654 So the risk, if there is one, does not come from the supplied air,
13655 Signing the covenant is our way of showing our commitment to offering the best possible service to the armed forces community. They have, after all, given everything for us.
13656 We are likely at an inflection point where Fear' - driven purchases will begin to dominate liquidity-driven selling pressure as it did in November 2008. As such, both the near-term and long-term gold outlook are looking far more constructive, and we are increasingly confident in our 12-month target of $1800/toz.
13657 As the political atmosphere in Kenya progressively underwent transformation, so did president Moi. To his credit, it is during his tenure as head of state when political pluralism was reinstated in Kenya. Clearly, the return of multipartyism has opened up Kenya's democratic space in ways hitherto unimagined. President Moi's abiding charisma was best exhibited in 2002 when he oversaw an unprecedented smooth transition of power as he proceeded to his retirement. His willingness to readily usher the next head of state remains a badge of honour on his leadership as well as statesmanship credentials,
13658 from November through to June, then getting it back into the regular course (for the following season).
13659 It finally caught us at Glenelgin -- we lost 1000 hives,
13660 more likely stabilizes in the current price range
13661 The Americans will say: `chlorinated chicken' , `hormone-raised beef' , `drug pricing' ,
13662 There's no contamination of radioactive [ material ] at the nuclear facility. Management [ at the reactor ] has been very good, so there's no way any contamination can find a way to another area, because it's quite far,
13663 Before the global financial crisis, we had no idea how long it would last. But with biological crises, we have got a path and that is the vaccine and then we have some clarity as to when the end will occur.
13664 Identifying all of the diseases that fine-particle pollution is affecting,
13665 I'm not clear on what it is she's trying to accomplish,
13666 In most cases the study found that evicted tenants owed one month or less in rent,
13667 I don't think anybody that votes `no' can claim that they are doing everything in their power to prevent what will be -- if the [ big business tax ] ban passes -- an historic betrayal of Seattle and the state's working people.
13668 It is no coincidence that this proposal comes right after our Tax Amazon movement has rallied with hundreds to fight for a big business tax,
13669 It's shameful that while big business has license to run amok trying to bully or buy politicians-just look at our last election cycle-working people have to follow the most onerous of restrictions.
13670 On the commercial side farmers big and small will need to embrace a change in techniques and learn new things. Traditional knowledge is of course still important and practitioners should find a way to create synergy between old and new techniques to get the best out of them,
13671 revealing the moral implications of the continued burning of fossil fuels,
13672 These MoUs establish cooperation to support Estonia with developed know-how and capacity on SMR deployment project so that nuclear energy can give strong contribution into achieving EU carbon neutrality in 2050,
13673 they would avoid all other older adults
13674 Dr. Brenner is a really extraordinary person, and he's trying to solve a very hard problem,
13675 I was blocked from doing what I wanted not because I was unqualified, but just because I was a woman,
13676 It is likely that we will see community transmission in the next coming weeks. We need to minimise the impact right across the health and social care sector.
13677 Now it's up to us to keep investing in it and pushing.
13678 I give a lot of credit to Crothersville,
13679 It's dramatic and utterly critical,
13680 If we reduce carbon emissions in Britain but simply close down our large industries and import the stuff from China instead, then global warming will be worse off,
13681 The economy is feeling the neglect and that worries investors.
13682 For international observers and particularly investors, not to see these creates doubts about professionalism,
13683 What's happening now isn't about a weak financial sector, which was the case in 2008, when there was also a lot of uncertainty about who held troubled securities,
13684 Ideally you want all those small and medium-sized businesses that were solvent and doing a great job as of February 1 to still be around and able to do business when folks can get back to work,
13685 That is the economy at this point -- those workers,
13686 It was just about production, it didn't matter what you did to the environment,
13687 Let me reiterate that he has no other association with the Edelweiss Group, nor is he in any way related to me. You will appreciate that Shah is a common name,
13688 It has already brought down the intermediation costs. This is one of the key elements of many financial services in India. Thirty years ago, the commission rates used to be 3-4 percentage points in equity markets. Now, we are talking about commission of half a basis point to one basis point. With this Bharat Bond ETF, we do think that the time has come to bring the intermediation cost in credit and bond markets down.
13689 Senior Adviser to Cambridge Econometrics and independent business economist, member of Bank of England MPC, 2006-11
13690 The sooner we receive notification of funding commitments, the sooner we can accelerate testing,
13691 What makes the airlines different is they're an important part of the supply chain,
13692 As the units turn over, [ landlords ] are able to reset those units to the market level.
13693 I had a trailer (from the Knights of Columbus) and we called it the COVID-19 Relief Canteen,
13694 Caring for our kpuna (elders) has always been an essential value to the people of Hawaii,
13695 It has been fascinating to watch online, and in my own local grocery stores, which items consumers are choosing to stock-up on. The run on toilet paper, for example, seems on the surface of it, downright irrational. After all, COVID-19 does not cause digestive issues. As irrational as the initial movement to toilet paper may seem, it isn't crazy for subsequent consumers to then stock up too. After all, it doesn't take much for a reasonable person to see that if all other consumers are buying up all the toilet paper, that they'd better off getting theirs before none is left. There is a long and interesting economics literature on information cascades and herding behavior, which shows that even if you disagree with what other people are doing, it is sometimes sensible to go along with the crowd,
13696 Farming is already a social distancing practice,
13697 The buffer norms of 2013 were devised taking into account the Centre's annual food grain requirement under NFSA which was around 61.2 million tonnes. But, last three year's offtake number has been 53-55 million tonnes. So, from that perspective there is no need to change the norms,
13698 There is a bigger problem in Australia and the problem is our economy is not doing as well as we'd like to think,
13699 There is very little recourse if you go sail and then you get coronavirus due to cruise lines' negligence or recklessness,
13700 Asian financial markets were vulnerable even before the current shock, owing to falling margins, higher risks, and an excessive dependence on banks and shadow banking (a problem that has already been exposed in India),
13701 Evidence that the creation of a common currency would contribute greatly to the integration of the real economy (and vice-versa) is thus weak. However, the creation of the euro clearly had an impact on cross-border financial activity. The conclusion I put forward is thus that `one money' fostered cross-border financial activity much more than trade. The euro made a real difference in terms of financial market integration
13702 great respect for their capabilities and for their judgment.
13703 I just didn't tell them when.
13704 I've served 11 years already, and, quite frankly, I've suffered through it,
13705 We were absolutely blown away by Matthew and Chanelle's performance this year at Worlds.,
13706 All Americans look to 1.3 billion Indians to warmly embrace and celebrate America, as America has embraced and celebrated us here-E Pluribus Unum (the motto of the US). Now, it's time for our Motto to also mean: two proud sovereigns, bound in history and racing towards a joint destiny,
13707 almost analogous to Iran assassinating vice president Pence in terms of importance of Soleimani
13708 Morrison deliberately misquoted data at the UN, to say we are reducing emissions when the data says that we are not... that we are going to achieve our Paris commitments `in a canter' when you can only do that if carry over all your Kyoto credits,
13709 the American promise of limitless potential and second chances feels distant.
13710 The Fund, which receives all revenue related to oil activity, cannot be used to support recurrent expenditure.
13711 The VAT increase is the obvious solution but it was not obvious at the time that it was going to be implemented. Even though some will argue that 7.5% is not really that high, it is still way below the regional peers, but it is a step in the right direction and if tax compliance be tightened at the same time, this will ultimately be positive.
13712 The slump in commodities, the crash in global trade and synchronization of recessions is more like then than any time.
13713 As the Trump plan does not seem to generate negotiations-but [ to ] potentially enhance the political conflict between the Palestinians and Israel, as well as between Israel and Jordan - there is no reason to think that it will have an economic positive impact [ for Israel ] in the short run,
13714 Does this mean that we will honour our sports heroes only if they are acceptable to the Chinese Communist Party?
13715 I went to graduate school with a scholarship.
13716 If her arms were an ocean, she'd reach out vast and deep,
13717 It will do it for you.
13718 The risk is going too low. They've really got to aim high on this,
13719 This is opioid genocide as a service, as a profit center, as a business. It's much worse than what we saw 80 years ago.
13720 And it should not be a one-off exercise, but done regularly.
13721 As people's representatives, they too have a responsibility. However they have no right to influence the police,
13722 Mr. Saban has been like family to us,
13723 schedule all remaining Fourth Quarter Examinations in the week of March 16 to 20 on a staggered basis.
13724 There's not many of us that do this. There's not many people, not many companies do what we do,
13725 Demand for the program could easily exceed $1 trillion,
13726 If the coronavirus does keep workers at home and workplaces shut down -- and, to be clear, there is no real evidence to suggest that it is hurting the economy at this point -- then that supply-side disruption will end up reducing aggregate demand. Rate cuts alone won't be enough to increase it. Fiscal stimulus measures will be required as well.
13727 I wasn't coming into that class to cut such a big check, but I was overwhelmed by my students' generosity and by the way that coming together helped us all share strength,
13728 I'm quite confident that the NAC will pay-back the entire loan amount in time,
13729 There is no question that this will mean the shelving of many important needed projects and program expenditures,
13730 I could have been infected in the four days before that,
13731 If it's not coming, it creates anxiety.
13732 If you are lucky enough to have had access to good education and training in skills from your employer, then you're much, much better off [ in today's economy ] than you were before,
13733 It's possible people might one day call this the Greater Depression,
13734 one which obviously continues to grow and flourish.
13735 People with assets have slower long-term thinking because of their economic position, and at times like this, they make out like bandits,
13736 Even with a projected strong subsequent rebound, global profits are expected to stand 20 per cent below their forecasted pre-pandemic level at the end of next year.
13737 in the same way as the price of eggs and strawberries on a village market.
13738 the likely result would be not just depression but a complete breakdown...
13739 a mortal danger to the European Union
13740 Anything which is the government is very difficult to rely upon,
13741 just a matter of the laws of nature or the laws of economics, but in large measure, it's the result of our man-made policies and laws,
13742 second wave of financial crisis after the COVID-19 lockdown
13743 There is a lot to be admired about a middle-income person who lives his or her life with dignity, and takes care of his or her family,
13744 He wasn't going to be able to do it by himself, so Leon shared the pot with the other guys,
13745 If we want to invest in human capital then we need to invest extensively and consistently in the education sector, from preschool to higher education.
13746 Our trustees will be evaluating which ones should go on our list of exclusions.
13747 We are absolutely determined to have a new nuclear power unit; it is an immutable fact that cannot be reversed, even by a millimetre,
13748 We are with the Kamal Nath government and we will continue to support it. No offer to switch sides was made to us. We are honestly with Kamal Nath, if his government faces any threat it is from some Congress leaders and not us,
13749 I think there'll be a one-off European solution that, out of solidarity, amounts to a `gift' that will be mutualized across the member states,
13750 In the last two months, portfolio outflows from emerging markets were about USD 100 billion, more than three times larger than for the same period of the global financial crisis. Commodity exporters are taking a double blow from the collapse in commodity prices and remittances, the lifeblood of so many poor people, are expected to dwindle,
13751 much more work is ahead to heal the fractures between the world's two largest economies.
13752 Monetary policy has served us well. It can't be the only saviour.
13753 We are adjusting to live with the new normal of higher uncertainty.
13754 Our new research file: / / / C: / Users/u8007546/AppData / Local/Microsoft/Windows / INetCache/Content. Outlook/C63MH0ID/Financial _ Services_and_Inequalities% 20SDN% 20 (003). pdf shows that inequality tends to increase before a financial crisis, signaling a strong link between inequality and financial stability,
13755 We believe this is on the lower end,
13756 particularly challenging for countries with weaker health systems and response capacity -- calling for a global coordination mechanism to accelerate the recovery of demand and supply.
13757 Just seeing how the G-20 united around debt standstill for the poorest members gives me confidence that whatever is necessary we will collectively do in face of this tremendous crisis.
13758 In terms of scenarios, the more most likely scenario we now view is a V-shaped impact. In other words, sharp decline in economic activities in China, followed by a rapid recovery and a total impact on China relatively contained. Therefore, impact on the world economy is also contained,
13759 we just observe and assess.
13760 Furthermore, we are calling on donor countries to replenish the Trust's resources to help boost our ability to provide additional debt service relief to our poorest member countries,
13761 better understanding on the resilience of China and on that basis, the spillover for the rest of the world,
13762 prepare for more adverse scenarios
13763 shield people and the economy from COVID-19,
13764 is prepared to ease monetary policy further to support the Australian economy.
13765 It is too early to tell what the overall impact will be,
13766 Understandably, our communities and our financial markets are both having trouble dealing with a risk they haven't seen before, and a rapidly unfolding situation,
13767 Similar models in the UK and Canada have been tried and tested; providing access to affordable capital for businesses that have gone on to demonstrate successful growth.
13768 In assessing the impact of this on the Australian economy as a whole we have taken into account that there will be a material rebuilding effort and that government grants and insurance payments will assist many people,
13769 The result has been major disruptions to economic activity across the world.
13770 We have a couple of full time staff that are going to have to be put off if we don't get any news as to how long this might last for.
13771 There are things that we could do on the structural side... to have a lower level of housing prices relative to income.
13772 Australia's unemployment rate rose to 5.3% in January, from 5.1% in December, whilst underemployment rose to 8.6%, the highest since January 2018. The RBA had previously said that monetary easing would continue if the unemployment rate trended up
13773 They provide a solid foundation for us to be optimistic about our future,
13774 Let's face it, it's the perfect market for them,
13775 You don't want to go with alternatives.
13776 If they need to raise their price point... just to cover the cost of their cup, they can. But other competitors like Coffee Time, or Dunkin Donuts, or Tim Hortons can't do it.
13777 Gene-editing: the next frontier in food,
13778 The Fed is doing everything they can to try to reduce this crisis,
13779 The U.N. secretary-general is well aware of the difficulties and complications facing the transitional period,
13780 What happened will not stop the path of change, it will be nothing but an additional push in the strong waves of the revolution,
13781 What happened will not stop the march toward change.
13782 There are conflicts of interest in the US, and there are hospital executives giving kickbacks to doctors. But those people go to jail. There is nobody going to jail in China.
13783 We're definitely headed to something much deeper than the Great Recession and comparable to the Great Depression in depth,
13784 In particular, it overstates the value of SAT scores for predicting student success in college, and has no basis for its conclusion that UC admissions `compensate' for test score gaps between groups.
13785 were very much weakened by the impact of the digital platforms... there's no doubt about that
13786 Anybody charging over $1.40 -- avoid them.
13787 It may also prevent the companies that host those ads from maximising their advertising revenue.
13788 In our view, TEG Live's conduct was unacceptable.
13789 People looking for the best rates should also consider the prices available from independent car parks near the airport,
13790 Why is it that a recalcitrant Bush would do more for HBCUs than an ostensibly sympathetic Obama would?
13791 As many of you know there is certain evidence I would like to have seen led in this trial but for a variety of reasons we weren't able to do so,
13792 Neither party were naked but in a state of partial undress, in terms of buttons or whatever,
13793 It was a joke, it was hijinks, it was a piece of fun. It was not meant to be anything more than that.
13794 I'd like to thank my brilliant legal team who are absolutely exceptional. I'd like to thank all of the people who have sent so many messages over the last 18 months or so but particularly in recent days.
13795 Get ready. Make sure we have everything that the people need. This is why I said food and education are very important. We have to take care of our children and their future. We must plan (everything) now,
13796 If that's the case, that's good news,
13797 supporting staff at meetings, including recording decisions and actions; disseminating a range of information to appropriate officials for information and/or action; and ensuring that key information and data on the current situation is always available in order to inform the strategic decision-making process
13798 It is rather unfortunate they had lower cash balances and thereby became more vulnerable to this shock we have at the moment.
13799 We just don't have the luxury of waiting.
13800 Unfortunately, it's been on a steady slowdown for the last 18 months or so.
13801 I've told you before he's rite up for it but you know who won't let him as she doesn't like oasis music [ sic ].
13802 I was honored to perform at the legendary showcase that is MTV Unplugged. It was a lovely experience and the people of Hull were biblical and sounded fantastic. I hope you enjoy the record.
13803 It'll be just what everyone needs. Thank u Liam.
13804 His eyes were f *** ing like that and ours weren't far off.
13805 You and I are gon na live forever OASIS.
13806 Mate that needs to go ahead or they'll be trouble.
13807 These divs on tv about coronavirus.
13808 So I hear Noel Gallagher wants to burn my house down f ****** hell im in total shock and they say I'm the 1 who goes round threatning people WOW.
13809 No Brit award nomination BIBLICAL c'mon you know LG.
13810 Sterling dropped immediately following the referendum, the biggest recorded single-day move, and it subsequently traded around 15 to 20% below its late-2015 peak ahead of the referendum being called. Inflation rose well above the 2% target... an overshoot entirely due to the referendum-induced fall in sterling. UK growth dropped from the fastest to the slowest in the G7.
13811 so far, good enough,
13812 there'll be some differences in the exact form and timing
13813 While carefully circumscribed independence is highly effective in delivering price and financial stability, it cannot deliver lasting prosperity and it cannot address broader societal challenges.
13814 potential paths to mandatory reporting at domestic and international levels
13815 and I'm of the opinion that this situation will persist for some time.
13816 the greatest commercial opportunity of our time,
13817 Forecasts do assume that UK banks receive `equivalence' designation from EU.
13818 A question for every company, every financial institution, is `what's your plan?
13819 As is entirely appropriate, there is a debate at the MPC (Monetary Policy Committee) over the relative merits of near term stimulus to reinforce the expected recovery in UK growth and inflation.
13820 We should be providing some stimulus to bring the UK economy back to the trend rate of growth,
13821 world will face irreversible heating unless firms shift their priorities soon
13822 The research papers on plain packages shows that 81% of smokers think about quitting at least once a day, and 70% find cigarettes less satisfying, while 66% think that the cigarettes have suffered a drop in quality,
13823 Who are your doctors?, I want to know,
13824 And that is surely making matters more difficult by hardening Indian positions.
13825 And it works! It gives us everything we need, it allows us to safely intubate patients and do medical procedures, it's protecting the staff and it's reducing aerosol generation.
13826 If it were to warm by 6  C degrees in a century -- it will not -- you have about 100 years to upgrade Melbourne's air-conditioning, drainage, etc, to Perth standards. That costs money, but it won't ruin the economy.
13827 live life to the fullest and bring their best selves to work, each and every day
13828 Many of these high-skilled jobs will help us address the challenges of an open internet and develop artificial intelligence to find and remove harmful content more quickly,
13829 Almost seven years ago, I wrote in Lean In that in a truly equal world, women would run half our countries and companies and men would run half our homes,
13830 We still have a lot of work to do and I would love to see some more urgency in fanning that hopeful flame a little bit more because we still have a long way to go.
13831 For someone to say a woman is yelling, you have to raise your voice or sound tense. It's a very different thing.
13832 Many women who want to marry their boyfriends are nervous to say so. They don't hand the reins of their educations or careers to someone else -- but they wait for their boyfriends to make this huge decision for them,
13833 We've listened to small businesses to understand how we can best help them. We've heard loud and clear that financial support could enable them to keep the lights on and pay people who can't come to work.
13834 That's a good thing from their point of view and for stabilising the economy,
13835 brewing for a decade or more
13836 That's assuming I'm sleeping,
13837 The economy's in free fall right now. It's hard to imagine that ceasing when the right thing for people to do is stay home,
13838 they have quite a lot of resources to burn before they hit the wire.
13839 They're trying to do good, but they don't have the courage to say, `Let's do a gut check on ourselves. '
13840 You're intervening with people who are, by definition, in unusually poor health or who accrue unusually high healthcare costs. That's what triggers the intervention,
13841 They were fabulous partners,
13842 This is unfortunately an example of a politician proposing a policy to benefit those who already have more than most at the expense of poor and working class people with really no data or evidence to support it,
13843 We need the city to act urgently to prevent what could potentially be thousands of working families facing eviction, bankruptcy, or both.
13844 African economies are growing strong and the prospects for greater wealth creation are compelling,
13845 Only by developing our workforce will we make a dent in poverty, close the income gap between rich and poor, and adopt new technologies to create jobs in knowledge-intensive sectors.
13846 these are critical times for Africa
13847 Just under two decades ago, Africa had fewer telephones than Manhattan in New York. Today, Africa has over 440 million cell phone subscribers,
13848 The Bank's role is to support governments like yours to transform their economies and create jobs,
13849 As a Board, we regularly review and evaluate how Twitter is run, and while our CEO structure is unique, so is Jack and so is this Company. To continue to ensure strong governance, we are pleased to create a temporary Board committee that will build on our regular evaluation of Twitter's leadership structure,
13850 First, just don't be too finicky about clever design and targeting.
13851 I would not like to see that happen this time.
13852 there are tens of millions of people who do need money that would get it, or would need money later.
13853 Given that we're in this cutthroat, Wild West environment I think it's very smart to set up our own system.
13854 Growing up and getting older, I struggled with that notion of birth right, legacy and responsibility,
13855 Why did I feel this scene was important to script and place in series? To most powerfully counteract the revisionist narrative that whitewashes Nazi perpetration, by showcasing the most extreme -- and representationally truthful -- sadism and violence that the Nazis perpetrated against the Jews and other victims. And why did I feel the need to create a fictional event when there were so many real horrors that existed? After all, it is true that Nazis perpetrated widespread and extreme acts of sadism and torture -- and even incidents of cruel `games' -- against their victims. I simply did not want to depict those specific, real acts of trauma.
13856 always adhere to literal truth in its pursuit of capturing the representational truth of the Holocaust.
13857 symbolic representations provide individuals access to an emotional and symbolic reality that allows us to better understand the experiences of the Shoah and provide it with meaning that can address our urgent present.
13858 what was my birthright to continue (my grandmother's) story? There are so many survivors who are not with us. The community has grown smaller and it was a love letter to my grandmother.
13859 This is a fictionalized event. Why did I feel this scene was important to script and place in series? To most powerfully counteract the revisionist narrative that whitewashes Nazi perpetration, by showcasing the most extreme -- and representationally truthful -- sadism and violence that the Nazis perpetrated against the Jews and other victims. And why did I feel the need to create a fictional event when there were so many real horrors that existed? After all, it is true that Nazis perpetrated widespread and extreme acts of sadism and torture - and even incidents of cruel `games' - against their victims. I simply did not want to depict those specific, real acts of trauma.
13860 I was on my way to the gathering around 5pm and was walking past the Periyar hostel when I noticed scores of people holding objects like rods, hammers and sticks. They did not belong to the campus, and there was an air of expectation around them. Some of them were looking at their watches. When we asked them, they said they were around to beat up Leftist students. It sounded funny and we didn't take it seriously,
13861 If significant vulnerabilities are present, the effects of those shocks on the economy and the financial system can be magnified,
13862 We will be watching the data carefully to see how much of the recent moderation persists,
13863 we know we are still pushing against forces that are acting on the economy.
13864 When the stress test was brought in, it was brand new, it was put in a time when interest rates were really low. And anybody who's been doing financial regulation long enough knows that as you see these things at play, you realize that maybe there are some desirable tweaks that could be made.
13865 While the (coronavirus) effect should not be significant enough to trigger a broader economic malaise, but could this finally push Governor Poloz over the line to proactively stimulate the economy in his next rate call?
13866 As far as I can tell there's high productivity everywhere in Canada except in the statistics,
13867 Inflation for almost two years now has been very close to two per cent and the economy has been very close to its capacity,
13868 How does StatCan deal with that?
13869 Lego has become the most engaging brand in this world of connectivity. The purpose states today that Lego is about the joy of building and pride of creation. The next thing is developing a personality, a tone of voice, symbols, signatures.
13870 That is why we are closely consulting with the Iraqi government as we look to the future.
13871 We're working with countries in the region. This is not only about what NATO wants to do, but also about what countries in the region want us to do together with them.
13872 Very often, when we face a crisis, it's a crisis which is only affecting one or two, or a limited number of nations, and then the other nations can provide support,
13873 with the consent of the Iraqis,
13874 We need to go heavy in and train. Build everything from the ministry of defence, institutions, command and control, to train forces. NATO can do that. We already do it, but we can scale up,
13875 very unlikely that [ US President Donald ] Trump will decide to quarrel with [ Russian leader Vladimir ] Putin because of Erdogan's actions,
13876 we are already in Iraq based on an invitation from Iraq and we will only stay as long as we are welcome.
13877 North Macedonia is now part of the NATO family, a family of 30 nations and almost 1 billion people. A family based on the certainty that, no matter what challenges we face, we are all stronger and safer together,
13878 The Christians converted 100 per cent of Europe in 50 years. But in this country, war was waged for 600 years with Islam and 200 years with Christians who were the British and yet we are 82 per cent Hindu. What does that mean?
13879 There's no such thing called equal rights. They are not in equal category.
13880 I already told you, leave that to me. I am committed that it will be a Union Territory of Gorkhaland. I will not give up till it happens,
13881 If you want 10% growth rate, the investment rate to the GDP should be 37% and 3.7% should be your efficiency factor and not 5% as it is today. Efficiency in use of capital should be the objective,
13882 serious crisis or crash.
13883 Portfolio foreign investment has received in the 2020 Budget -- incentives. This step will weaken Indian financial system hugely and thus foreign short term funds will be positioned to de-stabilise our economy as it happened to East Asia in 1997-2000,
13884 the optimal way to reach this critical level of immunity is gradually increas [ ing ] containment measures as infections rise and slowly relaxing them as new infections wane.
13885 This is one of the biggest meetings that we as the UN in Africa host, the Africa Sustainable Development Forum and essentially we bring together all of the UN family and all of the member states of the continent to talk about Sustainable Development Goals,
13886 I think this is one of the biggest meetings that we have as UN in Africa. Essentially we bring together all of the UN family and all of the member States to talk about the SDGs,
13887 The goal here is to give women-led financial investment activities a huge injection of jet fuel to bear out the proven positive correlation between gender balance, higher financial returns and developmental impact.
13888 To solve the problems in low-income countries, where the problems are greatest, you need to apply the simple and cheap solutions that already exist. In high-income countries, all known methods must be applied -- it's as simple as that,
13889 Anything produced in a French factory has to be sold to the French government. So the French company had to call the British health service and say `We can't deliver these millions of masks any more. '
13890 Incredible pressures to local production are building, even before France and the U.S.A. have put in place industrial policies targeting this sector.
13891 I remain humble in my ambition, but firm in my desire to see a new Malawi,
13892 In terms of preparedness, farmers are now getting ready for winter wheat planting. Harvesting of cereals and legumes like maize and soya bean planted in the summer season begins from mid-March to end of April, and land preparation for winter wheat should be happening in the process,
13893 Letters of credit have been put in place to cover the monthly demand of 120 million litres for both diesel and petrol. Letters of credit have been in place and we are doing enough to make sure that we cover everyone.
13894 But I want to be clear on the urgent priorities that we will focus on even in this broader theme of growth, productivity and so on, is to ensure food is on the table, energy security (fuel and power) and currency stability and macro-economy stability and then inflation,
13895 lift the lid off the boiling pot
13896 Jobs Aren't Being Destroyed This Fast Elsewhere. Why Is That?,
13897 Like in a war or a political crisis, there is continued severe uncertainty about the intensity of the duration and intensity of the shock,
13898 What I have described is a baseline scenario but, given the extreme uncertainty around the duration and intensity of the health crisis, we also explore alternative, more adverse scenarios. The pandemic may not recede in the second half of this year, leading to longer durations of containment, worsening financial conditions, and further breakdowns of global supply chains. In such cases, global GDP would fall even further: an additional 3 percent in 2020 if the pandemic is more protracted this year, while, if the pandemic continues into 2021, it may fall next year by an additional 8 percent compared to our baseline scenario,
13899 These measures can help avoid an even more severe and protracted slump in activity and set the stage for economic recovery.
13900 an outcome far worse than during the 2009 financial crisis.
13901 I will start by saying that countries that don't have a very strong healthcare system should invest in that... That is needed regardless but this crisis has highlighted the importance of it.
13902 Now, Morrison could do this on the basis that, `well, look... in terms of the pandemic, we got caught short and I'm not going to get caught short anymore' , and they can try and bury his past on bushfires and droughts and so on,
13903 almost totally beholden to the fossil fuel lobby
13904 There are many small firms, especially in the private sector, in the services sector, that are going to get hit, and for those to come back up it's going to be difficult,
13905 This grant will extend this mutually beneficial partnership by supporting CHCl's cross-regional activities and the consortium's efforts to more fully develop an inclusive network for research and scholarly exchange in the humanities,
13906 We welcome Robert to the board and look forward to his contributions as we grow the company,
13907 When I see some declarations by some heads of government of other western European countries or the United States I'm amazed by the combination of slowness and wrong tonalities,
13908 based on the arbitrary luck of who gets there first.
13909 The 20th century is full of examples of countries that set out to redistribute wealth and ended up redistributing poverty.
13910 is scarcity: there is never enough of anything to fully satisfy those who want it. The first lesson of politics is to ignore the first lesson of economics.
13911 The central bank board decided to award licence to the NBFI as it will bring foreign investment and their lending will be industry focused,
13912 The central bank is correct to conclude that there is little evidence of demand pressure elsewhere in the economy, and private-sector credit growth can certainly use the boost from this modest rate cut,
13913 The earnings growth in that group could be very high, because that's where we've seen some of the highest income growth over the past 30 years,
13914 Project management skills, for example, are going to come in handy whether you're a hospitality worker affected by the downturn in travel, a construction worker whose project has been suspended, or a manufacturing worker whose plant is idle. Another way to track this is to look at job postings from leading-edge companies in your field: what skills have they been seeking as they hire? That's a good indication of skills that will give you a competitive edge in regaining employment and moving up.
13915 The Women's T20 World Cup final at the MCG will be one of the great sporting events of 2020,
13916 Melbourne is the home of major events and Australia's sporting capital and we're making sure it stays that way.
13917 We don't want the fact that the game is not being played in China to in any way diminish or reduce the relationship that the AFL, [ clubs and government ] has started to build up with China's community, so we're going to make this game a real celebration.
13918 This is the first person who has been investigated who meets the definition of the suspected case criteria,
13919 will give room for the rupiah to strengthen along with market mechanisms. Fundamentally, the rupiah is not yet overvalued.
13920 I think we have to open up again in some way, because otherwise the collateral damage is going to be incredible.
13921 You should compare the current situation to the 2003 Sars impact or the post-Lehman crisis of 2008. The Sars situation was more transparent... a lot was revealed. The trouble this time is that China has a firewall and the information flow has not been good.
13922 In my professional career, the consumer has never been in better shape,
13923 negative impact both financially and mentally on too many people
13924 Our amenities and offerings have been updated to reflect the guidance of the CDC, The World Health Organization, and our local health authorities. For example, our only food and beverage options at present are `to-go' options that a guest could enjoy in their hotel room,
13925 outstanding economist and a visionary social thinker.
13926 This might seem odd, given that Boeing reported zero orders in January,
13927 We expected a slightly lower reading, based on our analysis of the seasonals, but the weekly data are noisy and the trend is stable, close to 215K,
13928 It will rise above that level, though, as job losses appear to be continuing at an astonishingly rapid pace.
13929 Rate cuts won't prevent the economic hit from supply chain disruption or demand compression as a result of the virus. But they would make it cheaper for businesses to finance the extra working capital to carry them through a period of weaker demand.
13930 They should be doing much more than they are thinking about and doing it much quicker, at least $2 trillion with the promise of more to come,
13931 Looking at the states' unemployment numbers that I've been coming out of the last few days it looks to me like the order of magnitude of the state seems to be about 10 times higher than the normal weekly number before the crisis. So that means that next week's job claims number could jump from 200 and something thousand this week to 2 million next week,
13932 Markets are now slaves to the news flow.
13933 Other employment numbers are weaker, but the improvement in the ISM non-manufacturing survey is a very positive sign, though not for investors hoping the Fed will ease again soon.
13934 We are confident, though, that the official data on Friday will be much less spectacular.
13935 Across the country there are fewer and fewer places with lower-priced homes combined with good job prospects, and that is a fundamental reason why Americans are moving at the lowest rates in our history. Even low mortgage rates cannot make homes affordable for millions,
13936 does not change the big picture. The trend in new home sales is increasing, tracking the rising trend in mortgage applications,
13937 Because we are concerned about hyperinflation, but that isn't an issue now, and we have a much bigger problem in our faces.
13938 We are focused on improving our efficiency and further strengthening our pan-African mission, using the extraordinary pool of talent and experience available in the group.
13939 We don't really know that, do we?
13940 We think this debate needs to be taken in a cool-headed manner. This calls for a grand coalition that brings together all the stakeholders that have a genuine commitment to reducing emissions-governments, industry, financial institutions, international organizations and civil society. Without this grand coalition, it will be very difficult to address this challenge.
13941 A reliable electricity supply underpins all of these services, as well as powering the devices most of us take for granted such as fridges, washing machines and light bulbs.
13942 no [ fossil ] energy company will be unaffected by clean energy transitions,
13943 The sharp decline in the oil market may well undermine clean energy transitions by reducing the impetus for energy efficiency policies,
13944 We urge you to do better. We fully understand that the IEA does not intend to define policy or investment decisions, but the fact is that the WEO is the globally authoritative publication on energy and energy infrastructure and it is used to inform significant investment and political decisions worldwide. As the WEO can become a self fulfilling prophecy, it carries a major responsibility that goes way beyond that of other publications that are merely descriptive. The IEA cannot be derelict of this responsibility.
13945 We will make sure that companies don't go bankrupt from the COVID-19 shocks. Normal, competitive companies will never be shut just because of a temporary liquidity shortage,
13946 You could make a list of the 100 most prominent economists in the world, and Peter Navarro wouldn't be on it. His views are very, very far from the mainstream.
13947 a task force that understands the financial system that understands the real economy... that understands the political system
13948 Anything you can do to help your heart. Exercise and eating well are massively more important than the more obscure ways people worry about dying.
13949 But I don't see any move towards fundamentally different rates in the coming years.
13950 China is not the source of our economic problems -- corporate greed is,
13951 I don't think it's really our business to change the regime.
13952 Images of the drunken Tan emphasised the worst extremes of British masculinity; by contrast, sobriety, courage and chivalry towards women were the self-ascribed characteristics of Irish republican masculinity
13953 important process of faculty governance,
13954 We want to think about it as Harvard is really growing as a campus, not just that SEAS is moving away,
13955 much more flexible about how they accommodate work outside the office
13956 In the end, the accumulation of the problems will happen in the financial sector.
13957 On January 20, the UK will host the UK-Africa Investment Summit in London. Zimbabwe was not invited. Is Zimbabwe open for business? No! Without strong property rights and public safety, foreign investment is impossible to come by,
13958 People need to touch, people need to smell the place, people need to see the neighbourhood,
13959 With fewer listings in what's already a housing shortage environment, home prices are likely to hold steady. The temporary softening of the real estate market will likely be followed by a strong rebound once the economic `quarantine' is lifted, and it's critical that supply is sufficient to meet pent-up demand.
13960 Given that a home transaction is a major commitment, the uncertainties on how the economy will play out and the spread of the virus itself are barriers to home-buying and selling,
13961 With fewer listings in what's already a housing shortage environment, home prices are likely to hold steady.
13962 The coronavirus is leading to fewer home buyers searching in the marketplace, as well as some listings being delayed,
13963 The trend line for housing starts is increasing and showing steady improvement, which should ultimately lead to more home sales,
13964 National median home price growth is in no danger of falling due to inventory shortages and will rise by 4 percent,
13965 significantly more inventory and home construction are needed at the affordable price points.
13966 Please, please raise my taxes. Wealthy people like me should commit to reducing the ravages of economic inequality.
13967 President Trump expressed the view that he might consider to remove the chair who did not follow the policies that he thought most desirable,
13968 I don't have a forecast for future weeks.
13969 This is the new thing, and whenever we get back to reality... I'm worried I'm going to say, `It is now time to mute. '
13970 very unlikely to be needed in the United States in the foreseeable future
13971 We still can do everything we need to do to fight this recession,
13972 The American people are going to need more,
13973 I have been a labor economist for a very long time and have never seen anything like this.
13974 You know what spreads faster than any virus? Fear / And when it comes to fear, you can either forget everything and run, or you can face everything and rise,
13975 Climate change is the challenge of our age,
13976 I expect that we are going to hear a lot of messages of reassurance, like `God is still in charge,' `God still loves us,' `God is still taking care of us, '
13977 Over a dozen cases of inflight transmission of serious infections have been documented, and air travel can serve as a conduit for the rapid spread of newly emerging infections and pandemics. Despite sensational media stories, risks of transmission of respiratory viruses in an airplane cabin are unknown. Movements of passengers and crew may facilitate disease transmission.
13978 The rate cut is not intended to stimulate economic growth, but aims to lower the financial burden on households and companies, so they will not run into a credit crunch,
13979 We will ask them to coordinate with the Department of Health.
13980 This is in accordance with the joint statement of the Department of Health, Department of the Interior and Local Government and Department of Tourism on public gatherings,
13981 It is likely that we will not perform well in PISA. We said this months before, during the budget hearings,
13982 as he evolved, as he achieved and as he stumbled. Walt Whitman may well have had someone like this mercurial pheno-Menon in mind when he wrote his famous line' I am large, I contain multitudes' ,
13983 Those who sacrificed their lives and worked towards a big change in the country were dumped in the dark corners of history, but those who fought in adjustment with the British became freedom fighters with certificates... This is the tragedy of the country.
13984 Problem with this very accomplished and erudite Foreign Minister is that he wishes to forget the books he read before becoming Foreign Secretary in January 2015. Do refresh your memory by reading the following series of letters.
13985 In the last five months, no meaningful political activity has taken place in Jammu and Kashmir. The Congress party wants that meaningful political activities start in Jammu and Kashmir immediately. Political tourism of taking envoys to Jammu and Kashmir should stop,
13986 RSS-type of communalism, BJP-type of communalism as also PFI and Jamaat-e-Islami-type of communalism,
13987 My guess is that extracting from the vagaries of this data, and it goes beyond weather, underlying job growth is probably somewhere around half the size of the January gain, probably around 150,000 jobs.
13988 If I had to put a number on it, I'd say there's about a 60 per cent probability of recession at this point.
13989 We know it's a problem if we don't do something about it. We don't know precisely when it will be a problem or how it will manifest itself. It's a big deal. It's just not a big deal today.
13990 Abstracting from the vagaries of the data, underlying job growth is close to 125,000 per month, which is consistent with low and stable unemployment,
13991 If we actually go into recession and this is in fact a pandemic, the Fed will run out of room very quickly.
13992 Especially in an election year, I don't think there's [ much of a ] chance they'll take a hard line.
13993 On the sidelines, the Prime Minister will hold bilateral meetings with several world leaders. These include Prime Minister's meeting with US President Trump,
13994 Social innovators have pioneered sustainable approaches and inclusive business models, and serve as a clear demonstration that models of stakeholder capitalism can indeed work,
13995 Business has now to fully embrace stakeholder capitalism, which means not only maximising profits, but use their capabilities and resources in cooperation with governments and civil society to address the key issues of this decade. They have to actively contribute to a more cohesive and sustainable world,
13996 This is where Doug Shipley's personality came through in spades,
13997 City council has far more important matters to be tackling than micromanaging the design of our gateway signs,
13998 Manufacturing has seen a 21 per cent employment growth in five years in this city,
13999 We could usefully have that flexibility to allow, for example, Scotland and Wales to have some influence over who they take in as well as the country as a whole.
14000 No one will notice any distinct difference,
14001 We need plans to revitalize the economy which will help struggling families and programs to make sure kids aren't set behind. Our work is just beginning, and we are adapting and planning daily. We can't predict how long this crisis will last, but we are taking immediate action right now while also preparing for what comes next.
14002 He's a trooper. If he could play, you know he'd be playing, so I think we just give him a few days of rest and see what happens.
14003 Andre is going to have to make his choice.
14004 With a lack of labor force growth, you're not going to budge your economy... it's a body problem.
14005 You're dealing with basic labor force issues,
14006 How many coal workers are there in Tasmania? That's her electorate, so why is she involved in this shady group of right-wing MPs?
14007 One could imagine a world in the next few months where everyone is tested and all but the immune compromised go back to a socially distanced but more normal life. We wear bracelets or carry a phone certificate which indicate our status, and track infections where they emerge,
14008 You will get unanimous support from Democrats and Republicans and give us hope for the future. Let's get a good many of our fellow Americans working again in all 50 states while those of us with desk jobs work from home,
14009 private-equity approach to the public markets
14010 so the specific nature of the storm when it hits an area is likely to matter. [ But ] our results suggest that, on average, there is no difference.
14011 Rebecca Long-Bailey would be a catastrophe for Labour
14012 The BoE gave us a taste of what could happen. We're expecting something major from the ECB.
14013 Short-term rates in the UK fell on the comments. Second, UK retail sales over the holidays seemed to be boosted by discounts, and share prices of the UK's largest retailers are under pressure today. Third, the fear that the UK-EU negotiations could fail to reach an agreement.
14014 It was used to fund a great part of the global circuit of capital,
14015 The foreign exchange provisions were the most disappointing
14016 were built for patterns of social interaction that increasingly don't exist.
14017 Certainly having people get free tests, for example, if they want to, or possibly finding ways to make it easier to call in sick might be a short-term solution [ and among the ] kinds of things to government can spend money on.
14018 staggering economic and social costs
14019 I cannot emphasize enough: No.
14020 Milk is a vegetarian diet in India. The demand of US administration is that India should remove the condition that only the milk of vegetarian cows be imported from US. Since, in the US, cows are fed with blood and meat, and import of milk from such cows is prohibited in India.
14021 Officials must prepare a comprehensive spending plan,
14022 The US has got no legitimacy to discuss the GSP as it was a unilateral decision on concessions available to India and was withdrawn for India,
14023 Cotton farming is already in crisis. Farmers are unable to get remunerative prices and a large section of suicides comes from their ranks,
14024 very important for us to hear what is happening
14025 The Eurasian Economic Commission has prepared a whole package of measures to fight the coronavirus and support the economy in these difficult conditions. It is important that these measures should be taken promptly and should involve all the spheres where work has to be stepped up,
14026 In fact, we limited flights to all the European Union countries, and to Switzerland and Norway starting at 00.00 on March 16. It will help to mitigate the risk of coronavirus spread.
14027 2020 is a momentous year for Thames Hospice as we move from our current home in Windsor to our new hospice by Bray Lake. Be a part of our journey and join us on this adventure to raise funds for your local hospice, so we can care for even more local families now and into the future.
14028 A perceived lack of... solidarity could jeopardize the long-term cohesion of the EU and the Eurozone,
14029 human-made global warming is real and bad
14030 It did a little bit at first when I paid with all gifted points, but now they're used to it and expecting it and they're on board and they love it just as much as we do, they love to help as well,
14031 I will have reservations about it being one rule for some and another for everyone else. Those tests are obviously in short supply,
14032 Now, if you understand how that market is configured today, getting an existing licence would have taken a lot longer.
14033 The historical Bretton Woods system had inherent flaws that led to its slow-motion inflationary collapse,
14034 We thought this was the right thing to do for the franchise.
14035 We're almost certainly going to enter a global recession.
14036 What will be your answer if a question about it is raised at the FATF meeting? What kind of a state we are running?
14037 A focus on sustained economic growth has helped raise hundreds of millions of Asians out of poverty over the last few decades. Continued GDP growth will be critical to pulling up the remaining 326 million who still struggle in extreme poverty,
14038 further strengthens the ties between Germany and Qatar
14039 He's preaching to the choir. He's preaching to his investors the same way Donald Trump preaches to his supporters and the people who already believe that,
14040 I'm not in favor of always immediately calling on the state
14041 the gain in the capacity to act could be smaller than hoped. A strong increase in the goal could raise risks that inflation expectations become deanchored,
14042 This is not unlike when I was a child in 1956. It is a lot better now,
14043 I've got a lot of work to do on the reforms to the FAI and I would prefer to see those implemented before a general election. So I would have a preference for an April/May date, but obviously that's not in my hands.
14044 bigger issues which obviously have to be a priority
14045 On behalf of the Board and the Association, I would like to thank all our partners for their support and their commitment to the future of our game and we look forward to working with them, our staff and our stakeholders to bring this plan to fruition.
14046 Tom and I were always fascinated by Shackleton as a leader and his contagious optimism and absolute belief in his team. At a time where leaders seem to be more about self than society, Shackleton sacrificed his own needs to ensure the wellbeing of his team -- thats inspirational.
14047 Everyone says the economy is going great guns, but that is everything except agriculture and manufacturing,
14048 We believe they were focused on protecting their jobs and viewed the Anadarko transaction as a defensive maneuver that allowed OXY to be the acquiror and not the acquired,
14049 The answer is simple: We believe that Hollub, Batchelder and the rest of the Board were fearful that OXY would be acquired,
14050 has a longer way down.
14051 But Government also needs a proper plan to invest in our northern railways, trains and stations so we get a fair deal.
14052 I'm not standing for Labour leader this time but I'll keep fighting for a Labour government.
14053 As a result of his political role he will have known my movements for campaign events such as hustings as well as the count. My office had to inform the police about any event he might be present at, including the general election count, as we had no idea whether or what kind of threat he might pose,
14054 Canada is very proud of being an immigrant nation, but for some weird reason we don't like the rich ones.
14055 I'm not going to comment on legislation that hasn't arrived in our chamber,
14056 has better features, finishes and quality and there are fewer buyers in the higher price ranges,
14057 requires us to make sufficient profit to keep the partnership going, not the highest amount possible, and to put our customers and our partners ahead of profit
14058 It is perfect timing for this and people have been looking for something like this,
14059 more open to immigration than almost anywhere else on Earth.
14060 nothing more than a mild case.
14061 So very sorry to hear of Andrew Hughes Hallett's passing -- he was an accomplished economist, with the finest of intellects and, above all, a thoroughly decent man. My thoughts are with all who loved him.
14062 Strategically, [ Phase One ] really makes no sense,
14063 There is a danger that we have promised something we can't deliver,
14064 We acknowledged that the sheer scale of demand destruction (about 25% -30% of global demand) would require unprecedented production cuts to balance the market,
14065 The easing cycle is... close to an end and central bankers can take comfort that their limited and unconventional toolbox proved effective in cushioning a substantial shock,
14066 At the end of the year, you may well have a payroll that is earned within hours before midnight Dec. 31 but won't be paid until the first paycheck in January. If you accrue payroll, then you calculate the expense that will be incurred for those December hours, and add that as an expense to your tax deductions and income statement even though you have not paid out cash.
14067 consistent with our previous research, which shows that being long gold is a better hedge to such geopolitical risks.
14068 If China had an impact on U.S. trade, European restrictions will have a bigger impact because Europe and the U.S. are much bigger trade partners,
14069 It looks like the exit will be less `V-shaped' than one would want. And the question, how long is the bottom of the `U' , I don't have an answer for that,
14070 There's a lot of nervousness, fear and skittishness
14071 Trump has no intellectual or personal issues with Powell -- he just finds him to be a convenient target,
14072 We issued a restock notice as, in our view, no exemption applied and a felling permission should have been acquired. Our decision is being appealed by the landowner.
14073 Without the intervention of a catalyst, the existing set of fragmented connections would have stayed the same for another 30 years. But once the inclusive growth ecosystem has been set up, it can be self-sustaining.
14074 For 2020, we expect the outperformance to continue as the U.K. delivers better growth.
14075 Our goal is not to pick sides.
14076 research that is grounded in practice and policy
14077 There are wide swaths of the economy seeing significant drops in demand, so the cash flows are so low they are eating through whatever savings they had at a more accelerated pace.
14078 Inflation at this point is not something I'm particularly worried about,
14079 They help me enormously in understanding what's happened,
14080 The Democratic candidates in 2016 kind of went out there and said, `Look, things are getting better and we're going to be doing more of the same.' And that did not play well in communities where things were not getting better, and the last thing they wanted to think was there was going to be more of the same.
14081 hit blacks particularly hard.
14082 They talked about the coronavirus at the last meeting. They're watching this... I hope it doesn't get bad, but they'll be the first to know.
14083 extremely interested in what those readings were.
14084 We recognize that this is a new way of work. This is a new experience for all of us.
14085 We will also set up another fund of Rs100 billion.
14086 We should be proud of Reza Baqir who studied in the best American universities after completing his studies in Lahore.
14087 Which means they fly the flag of the country that they choose to register their ships in.
14088 The Sparky awards call attention to the critical role of public education in fire safety,
14089 But our long-term response must tackle habitat and biodiversity loss,
14090 [ o ] ur collective failure to act strongly and early means that we must now implement deep and urgent cuts... This report gives us a stark choice: set in motion the radical transformations we need now, or face the consequences of a planet radically altered by climate change.
14091 Clearly, coronavirus is slowing growth in the first half of 2020. What the long-term consequences are we'll have to see as the response occurs and the adjustments are made,
14092 addresses the filling goals of Ethiopia and provides electricity generation and appropriate mitigation measures for Egypt and Sudan during prolonged periods of dry years, drought and prolonged drought,
14093 Countries will need to implement structural reforms to help shorten the time to recovery... For those countries that have excessive regulations, subsidies, licensing regimes, trade protection or litigiousness as obstacles, we will work with them to foster markets, choice and faster growth prospects during the recovery.
14094 This is a no regrets policy.
14095 I hear he's going to be a free agent but we're not allowed to talk to him until March,
14096 the creation of more sustainable cities throughout the world.
14097 I opposed Brexit but I have now reached the conclusion that the British did the right thing, even if they did it for the wrong reason.
14098 At the very same time they were leaking to the press that I was arriving at Eurogroup meetings without any proposals.
14099 In contrast to the Bank of Canada's financial vulnerability barometer, our index... indicates that financial risks are currently quite low,
14100 In the long term, it's going back to the chart of the Dow. In the long term, it's not going to matter.
14101 It is both an honour and a privilege to head the Committee to draft the National Water Policy,
14102 It is killing globally, it's going to be more than Q1 to find the solution. During SARS, China was 4 per cent of global GDP. Today it is 20 per cent. At that time, they were maybe 20 per cent of global growth, right now they are two-thirds of global growth and global supply chains,
14103 So many at this university, including myself, know from personal experience that first-gen students have incredible potential but face a unique set of challenges,
14104 I appreciate the students sharing their concerns about the current space, and I'm grateful to (former Vice President for Student Life) Melissa Shivers and the Division of Student Life for making this a priority.
14105 We do not sit on opposite sides of an aisle. We do not caucus in separate rooms,
14106 Dr Pachauri's contribution to global sustainable development is unparalleled. His leadership of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change [ IPCC ] laid the ground for climate change conversations today,
14107 If you look at the business cycle phenomena in India, typically if you look at the peaks and troughs and co-relate it with what has happened, it seems like we have hit the trough therefore there should be uptick in growth,
14108 Most people expect things will normalise by next week,
14109 Taking a longer-term view,... the easing of global financial conditions so late in the economic cycle and the continued buildup of financial vulnerabilities  
14110 We don't know, in the context of a global recession and associated market selloff, how resilient the fund industry will be,
14111 The complicated structure makes it harder, undoubtedly. But let's do what we can,
14112 These same Iranian students are often shocked when they continue their studies in the West and encounter professors who praise the Iranian regime's hatred of America and opposition to Israel's existence.
14113 We need to `flatten the curve' of the virus, not the testing for it,
14114 official data show a gradual change in the margin between the candidates as the mix of returns changed over time.
14115 Of course, Scooter never contacted me or my team to discuss it [ acquiring my masters ] prior to the sale or even when it was announced,
14116 Was that last take more what you had in mind?
14117 On behalf of all of us, it is an honor to help shine a light on the issues highlighted so powerfully in `Just Mercy,
14118 who promised three months ago to repay a $10,000 campaign donation that violated the board's ethics policy, has not yet refunded the money and is likely to be replaced as Virginia's representative on the regional board. Dorsey said Wednesday that he is working on a wire transfer to return the money to a transit union that routinely negotiates with Metro.
14119 As long as those guys like Scott Schoults [ Vice President Cloud Operations ] and Craig Iwata [ Senior Director of Product Management ] are there, those are the guys I'll continue to work with.
14120 I figured out there was two parts of the scam. The first part was they wanted to steal all of your assets, but they got to them too late.
14121 I would like to see India as a strong component of the global alliance of democracies. I appreciate very much the leadership of Prime Minister Modi in that respect. I hope we could engage India much more internationally in the coming years,
14122 should be open to reassessing their view of the economy based on all incoming information, including the views of participants in the financial markets,
14123 China was not as big a player in the global economy back then as it is today, so there is the potential for a larger impact,
14124 It is possible that the Russians had the [ Cambridge Analytica ] data set,
14125 the consumer behavior and policy decisions are likely to produce a decline in GDP that may very well last 2 calendar quarters or longer,
14126 I do not think economic gains have been any faster or better under Trump than gains we would have forecast based on the steady improvements we saw in the economy and job market in President Obama's second term,
14127 a very audience-facing brand and a signature strength in producing and managing costs
14128 I feel like the majority of my classes, I can learn out of a textbook. That's how I learn better anyway. But one of my fellow students said, `I'm a better hands-on learner,' and I was thinking... (some) learning is better in class. Those teaching moments aren't going to be the same when I'm on the computer.
14129 I also want to encourage people to not take risks at this point. You don't want to climb up ledges; there's still snow and ice on some of the trails. You don't want to overburden the medical system right now. You don't want to have an accident and go off with an ambulance to the emergency room.
14130 In terms of the GoFundMe page, a parent set that up off her own back. Someone felt they needed to help.
14131 Our expectation is that we could attract about $3billion, the same level as remittances currently in a period of a year or two,
14132 Mr Speaker it is clear that, even after reflecting the proposed measures, the resulting fiscal deficit as a percentage of GDP is in excess of the 5 percent threshold stipulated by the Fiscal Responsibility Act, 2018 (Act 982). In addition, the primary balance is a deficit equivalent to 1.1 percent of GDP contrary to the positive balance prescribed by the Fiscal Responsibility Act
14133 we have a trickle.
14134 a few decimal of a percentage point
14135 Complain about traffic while creating traffic. Seek alternative forms of transportation, the planet will be grateful.
14136 Both Phil and the gaffer (Dean Keates) have supported my decision and have helped make my retirement official with ease.
14137 I don't know if I could have forgiven myself if we would have lost -- being late to the game,
14138 If you put two together, as there are many other heads, the amount will be close to about Rs 1 lakh crore,
14139 It all gets back to Alfred Dickie's utility bill... we all want cheap, clean, safe and secure energy,
14140 So it's a very different disease at this point,
14141 We have benefitted from a tight and stable board since the IPO in December 2013, with no change in chairman, chief executive officer or chief financial officer and this board has proven to be an engine for growth.
14142 After he went there, his wife called him several times. He received the call once and hung up the call, saying that he was busy. Then he did not receive any phone calls,
14143 Attitudes about the appropriate role for government are going to be contested even more than was the case.
14144 could be initiated when necessary
14145 High-end automakers struggled, and that led to a new kind of leasing -- low monthly payments with a high residual value,
14146 Lower for longer is a transfer of money from savers to borrowers. The gap between low policy rates and the `actuarial' interest rate required for the health of pensions is chronically wide,
14147 Not at all. Why would anybody be worried about it?
14148 That's always the last thing,
14149 would seem to fly in the face of rational rulemaking,
14150 And I know of no one better to do that than Joe Biden,
14151 It is no surprise that I, and many Democrats and a growing number of Republicans, too, think that we need to act with a sense of urgency to address climate change,
14152 The combination of the scale of what we offer globally, the ability to be a single solution on both live media across almost every TV set in the world as well as having the most engaged digital footprint in the world, both in Chinese ecosystem as well as Western ecosystems means that we're fairly uniquely positioned,
14153 All the glorious talk about multilateral institutions and the great progress that's been made through multilateralism comes to nothing when you hit a crisis of this kind
14154 Every state across America can produce a complete checkbook of public expenditures,
14155 People in financial markets can obtain high returns if they can predict recessions but they are not able to do it -- at least not better than anyone else. They cannot anticipate the timing of recessions and they price the risk of one only once they see it,
14156 We could also reduce rates and charges for the SMEs and the poor by lowering fees and charges, utility rates and more subsidies and loans to SMEs,
14157 yoghurts, meditation, vitamins and spas
14158 All the other big shots in the world have to buy armored Mercedes or Rolls Royces or BMWs. The American President travels with his own luxury war machine, like a little White House on wheels,
14159 I've been to a dozen Sanders rallies -- they are fired up. They are a mirror image of a Trump rally -- every Sanders supporter who has been to one is going to get out and vote for Sanders.
14160 They didn't vote Tom Steyer, they didn't vote for Mike Bloomberg,
14161 sometimes helpful, sometimes annoying, yet always hovering over their children and making noise.
14162 All attempts by the lawyers for Dr Asiama to reschedule the said invitation proved futile. Dr Asiama is ready and willing to avail himself whenever SIT reschedules the said appointment.
14163 Automotive is a crucial sector, especially with the change from industrial combustion engine to electric car or hydrogen car, and Mier will certainly support the policy,
14164 Entertainment is one of the main industries that will be hit hardest because it involves mingling with lots of people,
14165 It's completely beyond the pale. Mack Horton's courage in calling out a drug cheat contrasts with Caulfield Grammar cowardice in kowtowing to a foreign power.
14166 This was certainly still going on at the beginning of the last century, but the tradition of taking round a plough is much older, especially in Tilney All Saints.
14167 This will add much needed capacity to the government's small business lending efforts.
14168 To my mind we currently do not have yet a sufficient understanding of what the medium-term implications are,
14169 We are going to see some scarring in that regard. It is classic displacement,
14170 We have to be topical, but also adaptable, and it's about finding that point of difference.
14171 At the moment, it is very important to actually take all the measures in order to reduce the long-term damage to the economy, as a result of this lockdown,
14172 He has built up an incredible bench strength beneath him continually,
14173 Hopefully, we will be able to go from arterials, to other roads that connect to those, and get those roads tied together, but that's years of work,
14174 rising inequality... clearly exacerbated the unpopularity of the nobility and the political regime.
14175 It's probably going to just continue to rise exponentially for a couple of weeks,
14176 You could also do the same thing through conventional breeding. It would be a lot less efficient and precise, and it might be a nightmare for a breeder who may need to reassess all of their germplasm and possibly exclude their most productive cultivars as a result, but it could be done. New technologies like CRISPR, short for clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats, which allows for precise DNA editing at specific stretches of the genetic code, should work even better.
14177 could stall its climb.
14178 How long the disruption will last, we have no idea.
14179 If the situation develops in line with the baseline forecast, the Bank of Russia holds open the prospect of further key rate reduction at its upcoming meetings,
14180 The contamination is not from the nuclear reactor,
14181 did not observe any material or substantive impediments inside the tabulation room, which might have prevented the resumption of the tabulation process
14182 I revealed a very bullish posture intermediate-term since October when Powell guaranteed he would not rescind the insurance [ rate ] cuts unless inflation was persistently above target,
14183 Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,
14184 The amygdala [ part of the brain ] is going off, saying, `Do what you can to protect your family.' It makes us irrational and selfish and it's hard to get a larger view.
14185 That's literally unheard of.
14186 The differences between the long-run effects of forced labor in Peru and Java suggest that for understanding persistent impacts on economic activity, we need to know more than just whether there was forced labor in a location,
14187 The first rule of virus economics is that you got ta stop the virus before you can do anything about the economics,
14188 The gig worker situation is dire and it really needs to be addressed,
14189 They won't die, but only go into hibernation,
14190 Both the U.S. and California economies are likely to fall into a recession if they're not already in one,
14191 to protect national interests and to keep his political image as a strongman.
14192 You need to put a break on this,
14193 I don't think this is a good thing. This is a bad thing. They are fearmongering through the app.
14194 I was not happy with the administration's response. I remain unhappy with it,
14195 The challenge we face is how to act with sufficient strength and speed to prevent the recession from morphing into a prolonged depression, made deeper by a plethora of defaults leaving irreversible damage,
14196 What we do foresee is a change in some of the core materials that we're using. We want to develop new materials which are biodegradable that can substitute the present materials.
14197 You will have to ask Wildlife Insights for permission to get the locations [ of the images ],
14198 Congress will always find the funds to accomplish the things that it considers a priority. If that's tax cuts, then that's the priority, and the money will be there. If it's wars, that's the priority. If it's dealing with a global pandemic, then that suddenly becomes a priority.
14199 On Jan. 14, the province of Buenos Aires announced that it will request the consent of bondholders of 10.875% bonds due in 2021 to approve certain amendments to its terms and conditions,
14200 The totality of the payoff is what creates the portfolio effect.
14201 to do what we thought, er, Larry thought was an IT transformation
14202 We're extremely pleased to have locked in advantageous electricity prices in Sweden through our direct agreements with local suppliers, the result of HIVE assuming full control of its Sweden operations in November,
14203 I wouldn't say go looking at science fiction, but looking at futurists I think we could do a lot more,
14204 It was -- there was a lot of red tape, but a lot of people cooperated
14205 I've had so many emails over the years thanking me for it being up there, people saying they like to have it on in the background to see the seagulls and hear the waves crashing on the shore.
14206 Start at the lowest level possible, your community, your neighborhood. Start with forming a network first,
14207 We quickly forced many difficult and sometimes traumatic changes which we deemed necessary to transition SI's business back to a trusted and growing heritage brand,
14208 How to Think About the Lockdown Decision in Latin America,
14209 I am staggered that the government is still waiting to announce, let alone deliver anything to avert a recession. What does it need to see before acting?
14210 I would attribute that to the incredibly low mortgage rates and the steady release of a sizable pent-up housing demand that was built over recent years,
14211 This month's solid activity -- the second-highest monthly figure in over two years -- is due to the good economic backdrop and exceptionally low mortgage rates,
14212 Still, national median home-price growth is in no danger of falling due to inventory shortages and will rise by 4 percent. The new-home construction market also looks brighter, with housing starts and new-home sales set to rise 6 percent and 10 percent, respectively.
14213 Those [ type of ] markets are worth watching,
14214 Market economies depend on the rule of law.
14215 There is nothing to prevent the federal government from creating as much money as it wants and paying it to somebody
14216 fiscal stimulus composed of a cut in business taxes, for example, is deemed to be materially less.
14217 My left arm was underneath (the complainer), my right arm was around (her) and both her feet were still on the floor. It was not a comfortable or easy position to be in. We were side by side and we were both fully dressed.
14218 People are dying, many more are going to die.
14219 that he would make no further public comment on these matters until after the coronavirus crisis was over.
14220 I'm innocent and will defend my position vigorously. But the only proper place to answer criminal charges is in this court and that's exactly what we intend to do next spring.
14221 grappling with me for a period
14222 These are all public places. It would be insane to do anything like that. These claims are a fabrication.
14223 Ladies and gentleman, just over a year ago when we finished the civil action and judicial review, I said I'd great faith in the court system of Scotland, that faith has been much reinforced today,
14224 significant six-figure donation to Philabundance,
14225 However, Ray and I are in agreement that the Devils need to move in a new direction and that this change is in the best interest of the team.
14226 In the coming weeks and months, we will be launching a formal search for a new general manager. We are very optimistic about our future and have a lot of talent, both on and off the ice.
14227 This is an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
14228 Our voice needs to be heard. It's an interesting time. Hopefully, we can get his done. If you asked me, it is a pretty good deal. It is. Is it a perfect deal, no.. But I'm hard-pressed to find such a thing as the perfect deal.
14229 It's clear that was the wrong decision,
14230 There wasn't anything specific. You guys know the record. You guys know everything that's been done. There were a lot of positives, but it was time to go in a different direction.
14231 The geo-political effects of the pandemic could be significant,
14232 When it comes to defense spending, we're already moving in the right direction,
14233 I don't believe in Europe alone. I believe in Europe and America together.
14234 I believe in the transatlantic bond between North America and Europe despite the fact I know that people question the strength of that transatlantic bond on both sides of the Atlantic,
14235 an important milestone in achieving justice
14236 I'm very concerned about the situation in Idlib, because we have seen horrendous attacks against civilians. We have seen, again, that hundreds of thousands of people have been forced to flee,
14237 We have no reason to not believe the reports we have seen from different NATO allies... that the plane may have been downed by Iranian air defence systems,
14238 We will [... ] discuss our response to the ongoing Russian missile build-up, both conventional and nuclear. NATO has been united on Russia's breach of the INF Treaty. Consulting closely over many years. And agreeing on every step. Last June, we agreed a balanced and defensive package of measures to respond to Russia's SSC-8 missiles. Today, we will take a broader look at the full range of Russia's short and intermediate range missiles, while remaining fully committed to arms control and disarmament,
14239 No other ally has suffered more from terrorist attacks, and no other ally holds more refugees,
14240 further strengthen NATO's political dimension.
14241 The reason that has been given (for the suspensions) is that in these schools a number of students faculty members have been traveling to China.
14242 I'm not worried because children, even before COVID-19, were already familiar with the health protocols in schools. They were taught to wash their hands before entering and leaving their classrooms,
14243 critical, urgent, and appropriate
14244 As a government officials and Cabinet member and as a Filipino, it is my duty to announce that yesterday late afternoon, April 8, 2020, I was informed by the Research Institute for Tropical Medicine that I am positve for SARS-COV-2, the causative agent for COVID-19,
14245 Will we participate? On February 18, we are going to consult our supporters, friends, and the legislators, because this is the first time that we have participated in PISA, therefore it's difficult to establish a benchmark,
14246 This crisis is like no other. First, the shock is large. The output loss associated with this health emergency and related containment measures likely dwarfs the losses that triggered the global financial crisis.
14247 The epidemiology surrounding it is still unclear,
14248 actions by large central banks [ are ] also generating favorable spillovers for vulnerable countries.
14249 If you look at the numbers which came out of the first quarters of the fiscal year 2019, they were weaker than we had anticipated last October and so, if you take those numbers into account and if you look at the weakness in credit growth in India, that is factored into our forecast for 2019 and 2020,
14250 But it is very important that this does not become a feature, where we reverse all the gains that we've gotten from globalization,
14251 At this point, the RBI should take a cue from central banks across the world who are contributing by easing liquidity. Liquidity should not be a constraint. But we need to think carefully as we have large NPAs,
14252 None of this is true today as we fight the coronavirus pandemic,
14253 Temporary income support as targetted as possible makes sense but beyond that, we don't have the money for long-term schemes. We need to prioritise, first money needs to go to medical facilities. The next step is to get money to those most affected. Targetted income transfers for a couple of months make sense as it will provide relief to affected households. Universal basic income means paying the households forever and we don't have time and resources for that at the moment,
14254 BJP is trying everything trick on the card to divert attention from real issues,
14255 Shocking that Namo Government has declined permission to allow the Azad Hind Fauj veterans to be in the January 26th parade.
14256 I think Modi has one problem with me. Not only I am an economist but also a politician.
14257 You seem to have missed that he is the only PM to have restored & reopened Hindu temples in Pakistan and also opened Kartarpur for Sikhs. Our PM has full right to expose the truth about what is happening in India because you guys beat up those who speak up inside India,
14258 Why Bengal should be so possessive?
14259 By providing home furnishings to some of our most vulnerable and at-risk communities, we ensure that not only are their basic necessities met, but also that their home is a place of comfort and safety when they need it most.
14260 He has already shown us he has the potential to become a top class all-rounder in all forms of the game.
14261 We'd like to thank Matt for his understanding in difficult circumstances. Hopefully another opportunity will arise in the near future which will allow him to join us once again,
14262 I assure that Sudanese armed forces and other regular forces have the capacity to handle the situation,
14263 IEA analysis shows that governments directly or indirectly drive more than 70% of global energy investments. They have a historic opportunity today to steer those investments onto a more sustainable path,
14264 declining emissions from electricity generation in advanced economies, thanks to the expanding role of renewable sources (mainly wind and solar), fuel switching from coal to natural gas, and higher nuclear power generation.
14265 There's a need for the G-20 in the driving seat, led by its current chair, Saudi Arabia.
14266 The clean energy transition is starting to accelerate very strongly,
14267 perhaps the worst time in its history, and this could have major implications for the global economy, financial markets, and even more for employment.
14268 This is happening because of a major economic meltdown, and not as a result of well-designed energy policies.
14269 Despite widespread expectations global energy-related CO2 emissions would post another annual increase in 2019, new @IEA data shows they were unchanged at 33 gigatonnes even as the world economy expanded by 2.9 [ percent ],
14270 are going to contribute to the solution... by buying oil to put in their strategic reserves in order to give a lifeline to demand,
14271 This is especially true in China, the largest energy consumer in the world, which accounted for more than 80% of global oil demand growth last year,
14272 Up to recently, before the U.S. shale-gas revolution, Russia was the country which was dominating, alone, the gas markets,
14273 If you're in a window, there's obviously no two seats on one side of you. And so you've cut down that zone of risk by actually six people -- because the people in front of them and behind them.
14274 It is not enough to put your trust in progressive political officials,
14275 This resolution is in solidarity with the courageous youth protests in India, and with the 250 million workers and farmers who walked out on January 8 in the largest-ever one-day general strike in global history, to protest not only the dangerous anti-Muslim and anti-Dalit policies of the far-right BJP government, but also the economic devastation wrought by intensified corruption, rampant privatization and neoliberal policies, and unprecedented inequality.
14276 National park status would definitely help the economy, and the city of Granada is behind it 100 percent,
14277 These are the highest priorities right now,
14278 Yet that is still far from assured.
14279 Unless you have rich parents or you robbed a bank, you can't afford a home here.
14280 We are soon considering exempting citizens of the Commonwealth, as well as the African Union and the Francophonie, from paying visa fees when entering Rwanda,
14281 We see a kindred spirit in Gretchen, who is unafraid to shine a light where others may not dare to look, and we're happy that she has made Blumhouse a home.
14282 We're far closer to an equitable balance today, and it's important to be aware that such gains aren't simply good for the groups that most obviously benefited, but for the economy as a whole -- for all of us.
14283 We're talking about 100 million people who are in the bottom tier of the labor force who haven't gotten a raise. So the minimum wage boosts up the very bottom, but that doesn't trickle very far up. So overall, we're seeing most of the population not getting the wage increases that the very top are getting.
14284 they are also highly vulnerable,
14285 It might be the bargaining power of older people is just not pushing up wages,
14286 although a few COVID-19 cases have been reported in some African countries so far, the crisis is set to deal African economies a severe blow.
14287 Africa may lose half of its GDP with growth falling from 3.2 per cent to about two per cent due to a number of reasons which include the disruption of global supply chains.
14288 The UN will remain open to deliver as one. Victory for us is that no UN staff gets infected or gets sick, and if they do that it doesn't spread into the community,
14289 The economic costs of the Pandemic have been harsher than the direct impact of the COVID -19. Across the continent, all economies are suffering from the sudden shock to the economies. The physical distancing needed to manage the pandemic is suffocating and drowning economic activity,
14290 But Prince Charming has no horse,
14291 But if you can't talk to your boyfriend about marriage, you're either dating the wrong person or you're not giving him credit for being the right person.
14292 The longer the crisis goes on, the greater the risk to small businesses and to the livelihoods of their owners and employees.
14293 trip, hike, and picnic
14294 access to resources and a voice
14295 We're making it easier for people to support their favorite local businesses with digital gift cards on Facebook, which are beginning to roll out today in the US,
14296 especially [ for ] people on the lower end of the income spectrum.
14297 These are things that a lot of regular people would do and were showing you how much of tax savings that could amount to,
14298 If the administration makes available extra resources, because of the interpretation of the public charge concept, many people may be reluctant to accept those funds,
14299 If there were to be a deeper downturn, [ that requires ] more stimulus than a conventional recession, then it's not clear that monetary policy would have sufficient space,
14300 We had it at the time of the referendum as we were told the most terrible things would happen if we voted to leave the European Union and of course, nothing of the sort happened.
14301 the market ignores these [ Minsky ] risks. By the time they do realize them, there is substantial exposure.
14302 We're not picking that up yet at all in the European and UK economic indicators, but if the world is slower than the UK, a very open economy, will have an impact,
14303 Although the magnitude of the economic shock from coronavirus is highly uncertain, activity is likely to weaken materially in the UK over the coming months.
14304 The bank is coordinating its actions with those that the chancellor (of the exchequer Sunak) will announce later today,
14305 and that has a knock-on effect on the UK
14306 There is a heavy element of international diplomacy for which the Secretary of State assumes primary responsibility at COP, but of course the Prime Minister and Cabinet have that responsibility as well.
14307 would vote in favor of a looser monetary policy during the late-January meeting.
14308 polluting and potentially risky activities
14309 But in order to be there at the end of that transition -- in other words, to still be functioning and profitable and contributing to society -- they will have to have fairly radical shifts to their energy mix and that is becoming core to their strategy.
14310 Our policy arsenal includes monetary policy instruments, special liquidity facilities, and macroprudential tools.
14311 consistent with degree warming of something in the order of 3.7 degrees to 3.8 degrees
14312 I'm calling on the G20 leaders to allow the poorest countries to suspend all repayments of official bilateral credit, until the World Bank and the IMF (International Monetary Fund) have made a full assessment of their reconstruction and financing needs,
14313 Speed is needed to save lives at this point,
14314 recognition of the big challenges Africa is facing
14315 Poorer countries will take the hardest hit, especially ones that were already heavily indebted before the crisis,
14316 We will use our available instruments to the fullest extent possible,
14317 We're announcing today an initial package of immediate support that will make available up to US$ 12 billion to respond to country requests for crisis financing of their immediate needs and also to lessen the tragic impacts of the crisis,
14318 We have a situation where other international financial institutions and to some extent development finance institutions as a whole, certainly the official export credit agencies, have a tendency to lend too quickly and to add to the debt problem of the countries,
14319 We've been adding resources in sub-Saharan Africa, so the management resources need to be there. We think this will be the most effective way to have country programs be successful and regional programs be successful, both in the Sahel and the Horn of Africa and elsewhere around sub-Saharan Africa,
14320 She has been a leading intellectual on complex issues facing developing countries including our work to support the world's poorest people and to help them prepare for the economy of the future.
14321 Speed is needed to save lives.
14322 And we are working together with other MDBs and the IMF to assess needs, implement the new system, and develop co-financing,
14323 It was obvious that Building 7 had been brought down by controlled demolition.
14324 It was that sense of the creative side of economics that could work on a virtually unlimited canvas and try to make sense of any problem that you thought was important -- that was the part that was so exciting to me,
14325 Prior to 1980, poor people moved to high-wage areas,
14326 They say, `Well, there are a whole bunch of projects -- a whole bunch of government spending that helps old people. I want mine. If we're going to spend a huge amount on Medicare, why aren't we spending a whole lot on education for me? '
14327 It's good for you, it's good for the economy.
14328 It's just really hitting people who are already the most vulnerable workers in our society so that is going to mean the pain will propagate faster,
14329 Loose monetary policy is bad for you and for your economic prospects.
14330 not subject to political pressure.
14331 in some ways, it's refreshing to see
14332 linking the supply of money and credit to gold.
14333 One important driving force boosting asset prices was the synchronized monetary policy easing throughout 2019,
14334 Our meat import was 55,752 tons in 2018 and 5,037 tons in 2019,
14335 somewhat patchy head held high
14336 The communication between the university administration and the police got delayed due to which ill treatment of students went on without being prevented by the law enforcement agencies.
14337 The Fed rate cut gives the PBOC more leeway to cut rates in China without prompting excessive capital outflows, therefore making a Chinese rate cut more likely,
14338 The IMF imf focused on making sure there is a strong response to the health crisis, as well as strengthening the economy.
14339 We do know that their own reserves and domestic resources will not be sufficient,
14340 It is now clear that we have entered a recession as bad, or worse than in 2009. We do project recovery in 2021,
14341 He will leave a legacy of outstanding service to our membership,
14342 The impact the virus has had on global travel restrictions, reductions of flights, closures in the automotive industry and reduction in light vehicle production forecasts have already affected demand for tires (rubber) and other products associated with packaging and inflight services,
14343 The global economy is now in a recession -- a period of economic decline where output falls for two successive quarters -- that could be as bad or worse than the 2009 downturn.
14344 as the global community is as strong as its weakest member in a global pandemic.
14345 The global economy is far from solid ground... The truth is that uncertainty is becoming the new normal.
14346 advanced economies are generally in a better position to respond to the crisis, but many emerging markets and low-income countries face significant challenges.
14347 The apparent ceasefire in the battle over tariffs removes a downside risk to growth. But tariffs remain high and we suspect that tensions will persist in other forms, adding to reasons to expect the global economic recovery to be a gradual one,
14348 And obviously we would prioritize countries, especially countries in Africa, that have already been faced with difficulties.
14349 First, the outlook for global growth: for 2020 it is negative -- a recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse,
14350 For low-income countries, we have rapid-disbursing emergency financing of up to USD 10 billion (50 per cent of quota of eligible members) that can be accessed without a full-fledged IMF programme,
14351 The world economy in the early 2000s was in a very strong shape, whereas today we are projecting a relatively modest global growth... 3.3 percent.
14352 mild impact on the rest of the world,
14353 We are replenishing the Catastrophe Containment and Relief Trust to help the poorest countries. We welcome the pledges already made and call on others to join. We stand ready to deploy all our $1 trillion lending capacity.
14354 Helping Somalia achieve debt relief and unlock access to the needed resources to increase growth and reduce poverty is a key priority for the IMF. I am very grateful to our members for all their support in this endeavour.
14355 We will not ask to extend the transition period, and if the EU asks we will say `no.' Extending the transition would simply prolong the negotiations, prolong business uncertainty and delay the moment of control of our borders. It would also keep us bound by EU legislation at a point when we need legislative and economic flexibility to manage the U.K. response to the coronavirus pandemic,
14356 We strongly welcome the decision of the G20 to respond to our call to allow the poorest countries of the world that request forbearance to suspend repayment of official bilateral credit on May 1,
14357 We want [ nations ] to have money for fighting the virus and for keeping people too in good shape.
14358 What we recommend is a very careful approach to stepping into that,
14359 Constant contact and close coordination are the best medicine to ensure that the economic pain inflicted by the virus is relatively short-lived,
14360 It is a crisis like no other. In scope, we are now in the worst recession since the Great Depression. We are experiencing a 3 per cent contraction of global GDP, and 170 countries are going to see income per capita falling versus what we expected three months ago for 160 -- for them to go up,
14361 There is no question that 2020 will be exceptionally difficult. If the pandemic fades in the second half of the year -- thus allowing a gradual lifting of containment measures and reopening of the economy -- our baseline assumption is for a partial recovery in 2021. But again, I stress there is tremendous uncertainty around the outlook: it could get worse depending on many variable factors, including the duration of the pandemic.
14362 The way in which the EU and the eurozone are perceived to react to the unprecedented emergency of the COVID-19 pandemic can shape attitudes to European integration for decades to come.
14363 The big win for Boris Johnson and the Conservative Party on 12 December and the recent `phase one' US-China trade deal have drastically reduced uncertainty and the downside risks to the outlook. Key surveys taken after the election, such as the Deloitte CFO survey and the RICS residential market survey, show a sharp bounce in confidence and expected economic activity,
14364 This blurring could call into question the RBA's independence, but we believe this form of QE would likely be highly effective.
14365 On that occasion, there was a sharp slowing in output growth in China for a few months, before a sharp bounce back as the outbreak was controlled and economic stimulus measures were introduced.
14366 What this second package will be designed to do is to cushion the blow for Australians, particularly those who have lost their jobs, but also for those small businesses who are facing this very, very difficult moment,
14367 Australians should feel proud of our banknotes,
14368 outbreak overseas is having a significant effect on the Australian economy at present, particularly in the education and travel sectors. The uncertainty that it is creating is also likely to affect domestic spending
14369 [ T ] he Reserve Bank stands ready to purchase Australian government bonds in the secondary market,
14370 I do not expect it to be reached. So, it is not on our agenda at the moment,
14371 We've got to take that into account in thinking about spending.
14372 He is concerned that lowering rates might lead to a pick-up in already high household debt, creating a longer-term vulnerability for the economy,
14373 We haven't had any fiscal stimulus in Australia,
14374 We will continue to monitor developments carefully, including in the labour market, as we seek to strike the right balance in the interests of the community as a whole.
14375 to provide additional support to employment and economic activity
14376 What I would like to see is business and governments use the opportunity of record-low interest rates -- and we are going to be in this world of low interest rates for a long period of time -- to use that opportunity for investments in areas like infrastructure, human capital, energy production and data science,
14377 The global outbreak of the coronavirus is expected to delay progress in Australia towards full employment and the inflation target. The Board therefore judged that it was appropriate to ease monetary policy further to provide additional support to employment and economic activity.
14378 Value fundamentals have not come in worse over this recent painful period,
14379 environmental, economic, social and political damage
14380 Firstly I want to express my deepest condolences to the families of those who have died on Ireland's roads in 2019, and not forgetting the many hundreds who have suffered serious injury. The only way to respond to these needless deaths and injuries on our roads is through action not words. While families and friends grieve the loss of their loved one, we must as a society all respond with deeds, to prevent it happening to others. This means the Government and its agencies continuing to implement life saving measures contained in the Road Safety Strategy. It also means individually, as ordinary road users, that we need to take greater responsibility for our actions when using the road. We can do this by slowing down, not driving while impaired through drink, drugs or fatigue, by not driving while using a phone, by wearing a seatbelt and always sharing the road more carefully with pedestrians and cyclists.
14381 a personal holiday -- all of which he paid for personally. No official business was conducted and no public funds were used.
14382 Leo Varadkar has said as a last resort,
14383 We're very encouraged by what's happened.
14384 I think the only thing they are a bit light on is the household payments
14385 Estimates of the impact of the containment policies on Chinese growth in the first quarter of the year range from minus 2 per cent to minus 10 per cent, enough to obliterate growth in the world's fastest-growing big economy,
14386 I think very quickly we can talk about over a million jobs being lost. It looks like we are going to get through that in very short order,
14387 The IMF has looked favourable on this strategy in other countries and we look forward to exploring this possibility,
14388 The President has directed that I investigate the structural causes for the depreciation of the cedi and to propose measures to address the situation. The Governor and I will put a bipartisan committee together to proceed immediately.
14389 The number of tenure-track faculty has been decreasing,
14390 an imminent and significant improvement in the U.K. data.
14391 I think you have to make the colleges a very central part of this
14392 just a continuation of sitting on the knife's edge... sleeping on the bed of nails from tariffs to the riots in Hong Kong and the virus. We just can't get a break.
14393 The wage subsidy idea is Australian in the sense that we've got this tradition of the trade unions and the employers working cooperatively with the government. They've been working on this almost as a tripartite approach, which brings us back to the Australia of the' 1980s and' 1990s,
14394 This is the ambition that the world needs & that the Church Commissioners have called for #Leadership.
14395 Even after these additional investments, we maintain a cash position of about 17% of the portfolio.
14396 We are still optimistic that the [ Trump ] administration will be able to get this virus under control and reopen the economy by the end of April, early May,
14397 My bullish posture and my statements on CNBC and Twitter were strongly supportive of the markets,
14398 What better time is there to build roads, bridges, and tunnels when traffic is way down?
14399 If Buffett will do it, I don't think the Treasury secretary should,
14400 Do we risk sort of dragging this out and really crushing capitalism if we can't fix it now and then move on and have it behind us? Yes. So the president is right.
14401 Given the pullback in consumer demand in travel and entertainment, the actual boost to household purchasing power from falling oil prices could be less than usual,
14402 The risk that this event magnifies into a global recession has risen materially.
14403 There is no longer doubt that the longest global expansion on record will end this quarter. The key outlook issue now is gauging the depth and the duration of the 2020 recession,
14404 I just don't know which equation I should be putting this in,
14405 it would not be a cut against a hypothetical or a possibility
14406 I'm not saying that the door is not open to an interest rate cut. Obviously it is, it is open. But it hinges on how the data evolve from here.
14407 The Canadian economy has demonstrated good resilience in the past couple of years. That resilience could be seriously tested by COVID-19, however, depending on the severity and duration of its effects,
14408 Many of the narratives about monetary policy cannot withstand careful analysis,
14409 Oh so, so surprised. What a true blessing. Everyone has really shown up and the number is still growing,
14410 an alternative to genuine reform
14411 On the eve of its G20 presidency, we welcome the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia... to shape those technologies in a way that serves society,
14412 it's `reassuring' that US president Donald Trump and climate activist Greta Thunberg will both return... this year, noting that concerns about the environment will be a key topic
14413 Business leaders now have an incredible opportunity... They can bring the world closer to achieving shared goals, such as those outlined in the Paris climate agreement and the United Nations Sustainable Development Agenda. If they really want to leave their mark on the world, there is no alternative.
14414 Pull your ears in for a year or two. Reduce the strain on your portfolio due to withdrawals. That will give you an extra measure of comfort. Most people do that naturally, anyway.
14415 So it's an indicator of liquidity in the banking system,
14416 The Finance Ministry has also said that it will maximize the government's budget.
14417 The government is beginning to understand that you have to let the specialists talk.
14418 We are not facing very difficult situation right now and lets hope that we do not get into that stage in future and there is no such situation that will have very bad affect on our economy or our country.
14419 There would a reduction in the prices of fertilisers and we will also help subsidise through other ways,
14420 we need to understand the causes of inflation
14421 We live there. It is an egregious thing they are doing to a people.
14422 whose circumstances would prevent them from leaving campus due to international travel restrictions or other extraordinary circumstances
14423 Our important off-reservation treaty protected natural resources that are critical to support our rights to hunt, fish, trap and gather are facing unnecessary regulatory risk when the coronavirus is speeding the fall of oil prices,
14424 The Union Budget has now sent Indian economy from the ICU into ventilator. It's having difficulty in breathing. This Budget is anti-people, thoughtless and has left out the bottom of the pyramid in every manner
14425 Our budget focuses on job creation. Jobless-growth does not make any sense.
14426 Today, I introduced Ihor Bugrak, the new head of the Office of Financial Control, which we are creating on the basis of the State Audit Service,
14427 Algeria needs to send an application letter,
14428 delegates in Philadelphia expected states would put forward a variety of candidates; none would win a national majority in the electoral college; and the election would typically pass to the House of Representatives.
14429 How many THONGS do you own?
14430 People know who I am. I am extraordinary but I can also be a bit of a knob-I know all of that.
14431 It is gon na happen, believe you me -- it's gon na happen very f *** ing soon because he's greedy and he loves money and he knows that it's got to happen soon or it won't happen.
14432 Noel lost the plot and kicked off with Liam, think you all know the story. Studio trashed, baseball bats on heads. Air rifles locked in cupboards to save deaths. Dustbins thrown through the hire car windows. Band split up. new drummer in bits. Think Liam ended up with a broken arm.
14433 But if it does happen, it'll be 50/50, believe you me.
14434 Well Noel would do anything for a photograph, won't he? Trying to break the Internet.
14435 If that can be done, then monetary policy, augmented by the new policy tools, should regain much of its potency.
14436 The old methods won't do,
14437 Low inflation can become a self-perpetuating trap,
14438 In 2008, the problems started in the financial system with the bad mortgages, with the loss of confidence in the banking system and other lenders. And then the panic on the financial system then hit the real economy, because there was no credit,
14439 Monetary easing does work in part by increasing the propensity of investors and lenders to take risks,
14440 Masks are useful for those who are unwell to protect other people from them,
14441 There are a lot of people where, unless they have a qualified Realtor, they might not know what they're getting into.
14442 Ordinarily, we will have a shock that will raise or lower the demand over several months or maybe a year, but not in a single month,
14443 That is, in my opinion, a negative,
14444 In all my years of doing public policy research, I've never seen a plan where the funding mechanism could impact it this dramatically -- up to a quarter of all GDP within 40 years,
14445 there are very real constraints on how many students Stanford could admit while still maintaining its quality. These constraints are not arbitrary, but fundamental to Stanford's (and its peer institutions' ) method of financing.
14446 To see the lengths that my fellow teammates went to so that I would feel supported and no different than any other employee really shows the human kindness we have for one another,
14447 After the game I was asked to go down to the dressing room because there was some concern from the playing staff that there might be some action from the police,
14448 at least nine businesses downtown
14449 too soon even to speculate
14450 We're building a bridge until the economy can get to the other side and begin to recover and if that happens sooner we'll certainly know what to do at that time.
14451 very strong assumptions about the way the epidemic will progress.
14452 When such an external shock [ such as the coronavirus outbreak ] takes place, it's important that these interactions decrease, hence isolating elderly people should have immediately been a priority.
14453 Africa is facing enormous fiscal challenges to respond to the coronavirus effectively. The AfDB is deploying its full weight of emergency response support to assist Africa at this critical time,
14454 Africa is the only continent where the number of stunted children has increased over the last two decades: 58.5 million in 2018, up from 50.3 million at the turn of the century.
14455 is all wrong, because the trade deficit is not the problem,
14456 It is very difficult to explain to a fish that there is a border whereas you can do that to a human and a lorry driver,
14457 I've been down there to see him,
14458 earmarked for meal programs for Broward County Public Schools and Miami-Dade County Public Schools, relief efforts led by churches in Miami Gardens and to bolster programs from Feeding South Florida
14459 I have no interest in selling the team. Zero. Got it? People can write what they want to write. I'm going to own it until I die.
14460 disappointing to note that we are still on the regulator's radar for different reasons
14461 Meat demand is comprised of two things: What we ate and the price at which we ate it.
14462 The availability of credit for households and businesses is essential to protect people from the worst possible economic effects.
14463 We could see a significant impact on Europe, which has been weak to start with,
14464 A huge decline in cell telephone service plan prices,
14465 were apt to prove chronic by nature.
14466 The Canadian sector really starts to feel the pain under $40 a barrel,
14467 Why can't the greatest economy in the history of the world produce swabs, face masks and ventilators in adequate supply?,
14468 Education is not packing human minds but developing critical thinking and building innovations,
14469 I can summarize [ the trend ] in one phrase: Drive until you qualify,
14470 Places like Barrie are affordable in a way that even Mississauga and Brampton aren't anymore,
14471 The auto sector is already reeling from economic turmoil related to the COVID -19 pandemic, and this rule will lead to prolonged litigation, regulatory uncertainty and economic disarray,
14472 What happened yesterday surprised a lot of people,
14473 It was welcome news this morning when we learned that there were no casualties following Iran's ballistic missile strike on Iraqi bases housing U.S. troops last night,
14474 The brewery is happy because it now has a local source of product, and doesn't have to ship it from overseas. And through the magic of capitalism, once you set it up, it's self-sustaining.
14475 The catalyst comes in and says, we need a corporation to be the anchor for this, and say, if we can get high-quality product coming through, they'll be happy to buy,
14476 those getting massively stressed are likely to leave the profession
14477 while Creative Planning already has a substantial presence in the Dallas Metro, the addition of Stratford Consulting will augment our plans to become far more competitive in that market. We are delighted to have them join our team.
14478 Who's worried about budget deficits when the future of the country is at stake?
14479 The next few weeks will be particularly vital and so we're getting this together at a time when it is most necessary and your response this week has been simply awesome.
14480 Somehow in the humanitarian space we just never embraced this. The humanitarian sector has lots of really good people, but it's built around the emotion of helping people in need.
14481 The measures needed to contain the virus inevitably will reduce demand for a host of services, and there will be massive job losses,
14482 We know there are many people who want to be with their families and loved ones during this difficult time. We are thankful to the Australian government, airports and staff for their support in helping us to add additional flights to get people home, and in particular, to bring flights to Brisbane.
14483 This agreement with Air Malta will provide significant benefits to both airlines and thousands of passengers, expanding both of our networks and setting the foundation to further enhance cooperation in other fields in the future.
14484 This agreement with Bulgaria Air follows other recent partnership announcements we have made with airlines across the world, demonstrating our commitment to working with our peers to provide passengers seamless connectivity and unrivalled service.
14485 will bring together two of the world's largest airline networks, increasing choices for millions of passengers and providing seamless connectivity to a significant number of new destinations.
14486 We said `We have an effect on Libya, we never forgot how they helped us during [ Muammar ] Gaddafi's period.' They said `We can't to this. We will meet with the legitimate U.N.-recognized government' ,
14487 The number one actor of the political wing is the individual who occupies the presidential chair at the palace. The name of that individual is Recep Tayyip Erdoan,
14488 You can't say `don't worry, trust me, we met, but I can tell you what we said,
14489 But we haven't had a Corporation meeting to actually discuss that.
14490 Fed data shows that 40% of US households would not be able to come up with $400 for an emergency expense and data from 2019 shows that 53% of US households don't have any emergency savings.
14491 The gains in recent months have all been outside manufacturing, where payrolls fell by 12K in January, the worst month since August 2016; the trend clearly is deteriorating, with the sector under pressure from the trade war. Manufacturing accounts for only 8.4% of payrolls, but it punches above its weight in the eyes of the markets, media, and politicians,
14492 Overall, the NFIB labour data signal that the labour demand remains solid, while compensation plans are only just shy of the cycle high. The key new labour information today is the one-point increase in the proportion of NFIB firms citing rising labour costs as their biggest problem. This measure dropped unexpectedly by three points in December and we were expecting a bigger rebound in January,
14493 It appears that firms have responded immediately, and positively, to the news that the Phase One trade deal would prevent the imposition of further tariffs on consumer goods,
14494 What matters next is the employment components of the next round of business surveys, and the path of jobless claims ahead of the March report,
14495 All the action really in the trade numbers last year was in the fourth quarter
14496 The longer the surveys remain weak, the greater is the risk that they are telling us something real about labor demand, which will hit the payroll numbers eventually,
14497 How is it possible that an economic miracle causes a deterioration of the deficit in the balance of goods, 6.7%, going from US $8.7 billion in 2012 to US $9.3 billion in 2018?
14498 In our current projection, world oil demand is expected to fall 2.7 million barrels per day in the first quarter. This is a massive drop, and it shows the scale of the problem OPEC + faces,
14499 The Bloc's main rival is not the Liberal Party but rather the Conservative Party, and vice-versa, in Quebec,
14500 the citizens in all societies into two groups: the watchers (invisible, unknown and unaccountable) and the watched. This has profound consequences for democracy because asymmetry of knowledge translates into asymmetries of power.
14501 The Economic Development Ministry submitted amendments to the bill on insolvency (bankruptcy) to the Russian government, which provides for out-of-court recognition of a person as a bankrupt. Citizens will be able to file a public application on their own through the multifunctional centers or an arbitration manager. Filing an application through the centers will be free. For those who found themselves in a difficult financial situation, it is proposed to urgently introduce a simplified free out-of-court debt settlement procedure, which will be carried out on a digital platform,
14502 We believe they were focused on protecting their jobs and viewed the Anadarko transaction as a defensive maneuver that allowed OXY to be the acquirer and not the acquired. As a result, they decided to risk stockholders' capital, instead of protecting it, which is their duty.
14503 We believe Oxy is a good company with good assets. We are pleased to have reached this settlement and can now focus on working with Steve Chazen to enhance value for all Oxy stockholders.
14504 We were talking about the coming coronavirus, and what we can do to respond to this. That was the seed for it,
14505 It might be things as simple as putting out the trash on trash day, if you're not able to do that, or transport to medical services, and emergency response: check-ins, calling every day and saying, how are you doing?
14506 When you look at EMs, some of the important ones may be fragile for some years,
14507 escalate to get rid of Trump -- that's why the risk of war is increasing,
14508 slowdown is going to give way to a significant pick-up in growth in this financial year.
14509 It doesn't matter if you're young, old, employed, unemployed, student, formerly employed, partially employed, hourly worker, contractor, gig, or small business,
14510 You cannot just copy and paste other's investment style. Investors should modify the approach and adapt as per their risk appetite,
14511 I have not seen this kind of fall in my life. The new bull market will take long time and nothing will happen for at least six months,
14512 But if they are out of work for a long while, then we have to have a different conversation.
14513 I was on the phone with somebody in Colorado [ Tuesday ] night who covers the Rockies,
14514 If they get the virus under control, then the economy can bounce back quickly, but at the moment, when that will happen is not clear,
14515 It's important to keep reminding ourselves that collaboration is the silver bullet,
14516 Our advice to the public remains the same. Members of the public who have visited affected regions and have symptoms are advised to self-isolate at home and contact their GP in the first instance. Advice will then be given on next steps, including testing if required.
14517 It's like aspirin to a dying patient,
14518 Athens hosted Libyan warlord Haftar. An old goal for Greek diplomacy -- similar to that in the 1990s when the government led by [ Konstantinos ] Mitsotakis senior who embraced [ Radovan ] Karadi. How did we get here? It all began with the [ Alexis ] Tsipras - [ Benjamin ] Netanyahu-Exxon unholy alliance to drill for oil and gas in the Eastern Mediterranean.
14519 This partnership with CPR preserves KRCC's regional identity and Colorado College's educational mission. Listeners will benefit because this collaboration brings more resources to cover the news in southern Colorado and northern New Mexico, and KRCC's news will now have wider distribution via CPR. It also provides valuable learning and internship opportunities for our students.
14520 This partnership with CPR preserves KRCC's regional identity and Colorado College's educational mission,
14521 This takes the repo rate to 4.25% per annum, with effect from 15 April 2020. The decision was unanimous,
14522 While the committee would like to see the inflation expectations anchored closer to the midpoint of the inflation target range on a sustained basis, the lower inflation forecast and improved risk profile opens some space to provide further policy accommodation to the economy.
14523 trying to build up financial buffers as a protection against a blow to their income. I think it's quite likely that saving is going to remain high for many people,
14524 Now we know there are massive risks over which the Fed has no control. It can mitigate the risk but it can't control it.
14525 I do say to ministers today that what is going to be needed for this to be durable and workable is that it doesn't amount to simply a delay confronting the problem, but there is a relentless focus on and investment in the most effective of deradicalisation programmes in our prisons.
14526 The government needs a proper plan
14527 Improving social mobility must be the fundamental imperative of this new decade: As long as an individual's chances in life remain disproportionately influenced by their socioeconomic status at birth, inequalities will never be reduced,
14528 our roads have a significant and increasing backlog of rehabilitation needs,
14529 For example, if a company manufactures something that will experience delayed demand, because of the COVID situation,
14530 If you're producing non-durable goods, say you're a restaurant,
14531 The government can pull the economy out of the slowdown. But two ingredients are essential: recognising the true extent and nature of the problem and instituting reliable data systems for good policy navigation.
14532 The heavy lifting for stimulus and for preventing lasting economic damage has to be done on the fiscal side. That's nature of this shock.
14533 They can all learn from the Bank of Japan's yield curve control. When governments are doing repeated fiscal expansion, this is the least politically fraught and most transparent way to accommodate fiscal policy.
14534 The Left party fraction will support all measures that demand solidarity to avoid damage to the nation, people and the economy.
14535 Business owners-both leasers and landlords - are worried as everyone has bills to pay.
14536 So, the patient in room one who may or may not have COVID-19, but the patient in Room 2 certainly does, well now, you've exposed all these people unnecessarily,
14537 But the purely economic effects shouldn't be overlooked either, as globalist leaders also encouraged the buildup of China as a huge global manufacturing hub, and thereby exposed Americans to the risk of shortages and other supply chain risks in a wide variety of critical products.
14538 It's just not going to happen, and [ the Chinese ] are going to rely on the difficulty of figuring out what's going on in their vast economy and their immense central government bureaucracy [ and ] the provincial government bureaucracies,
14539 If you push them down, what will you gain? Even in your umunna (kindred), the leader is appointed by God and should be allowed to do his work and supported not frustrated.
14540 In the event of further declines in economic activity, estimated by another 10 percent drop in GDP, we are looking at a very dire situation,
14541 It means that our growth track is much less than it seems to be
14542 Such jobs tend to be more predictable, with fewer on-call hours and less exposure to weekend and evening obligations. These advantages have a negative consequence: lower earnings per hour, even when the number of hours worked is the same,
14543 The Congress has to fight the BJP... There is a BJP trap and a CPI (M) trap, you should avoid both traps,
14544 In the last three years, the Centre has spent Rs 640 crore on popularisation of Sanskrit but it has not spent a penny on Odia and Malayalam languages.
14545 As somebody who has been associated with the power sector for almost three decades including as minister, the call to go dark for 9 min at 9 pm on the 5th can have a deep impact on the grid and its stability. I sincerely hope this is being properly managed.
14546 This is not to say that there will not be pain points for individual consumers who were previously having problems, such as some FTTN and fixed wireless customers,
14547 We strongly encourage all interested parties to make sure their views are heard.
14548 A hotel owner saw what was happening and let us know. They knew that the prices weren't the best prices and they put us on to this,
14549 By prominently displaying a hotel offer in `top position' on its website, Trivago represented that the offer was either the cheapest available offer or had some other extra feature that made it the best offer when this was often not the case.
14550 It's my view as an economist that if you're going to tackle air problems, you need to provide financial incentives,
14551 produces signs of arousal: the heart and breathing speed up, stress hormones are released, and our focus is high,
14552 Regional difficulties typically have deep roots and are long-lasting,
14553 The coronavirus has been a body blow to the Chinese economy, which now threatens to take out the entire global economy. A global recession is likely if COVID-19 becomes a pandemic, and the odds of that are uncomfortably high and rising with infections surging in Italy and Korea.
14554 That's a big deal over time,
14555 Jobs will decline in March,
14556 They're very concerned the financial markets won't work.
14557 Most of those people, even if they don't lose their jobs, they're going to lose hours, they're going to lose pay,
14558 Now it's broadening out -- manufacturing, construction, of course the energy sector,
14559 The most important thing of all is how do you slow the spread of the virus,
14560 The question is now is it too late for the U.K.?
14561 The stronger the crown, the weaker the chance the central bank will tighten... That is always the dilemma for markets,
14562 Their presence at the Performance Center is great for our team, our employees and our neighborhood. It will make New Center an even more attractive place to live and work, stimulating additional investment in the area.
14563 They're worried about their portfolios, and they're concerned that life as we know it will be interrupted.
14564 This is the big political battle,
14565 a huge policy initiative to boost real growth or the luck of a dollar depreciation,
14566 What could have happened is that farmers got into an indebtedness problem. They kept borrowing in a cycle and probably that has fed into the agricultural sector,
14567 China's new economy has long been expected to take the baton of old sectors to carve the future growth story,
14568 Either China massively increases imports and reduces current account surplus from the current 1.5% of GDP, or it engages in trade diversion away from current providers of goods which compete with the U.S.
14569 They are really under pressure not to cut any further, because insurance companies and banks are really worried about their margins,
14570 Clearly there is a lot of foreign currency sloshing around, but that is not the issue, the issue is the efficacy of how the system works in distributing and allocating the abundant foreign currency.
14571 The first thing is restructuring, partial privatisation, commercialisation, departmentalisation and liquidation while the second is to improve corporate governance. Pillar three is the remuneration framework and finally facilitative process,
14572 To correct this anomaly, an electronic foreign currency trading platform based on the Reuters system is being immediately put in place. This platform will allow foreign exchange to be traded freely amongst the banks and permit a true market exchange rate to be determined,
14573 In this regard, a Currency Stabilisation Task Force has been set up. This will be spearheaded by the Finance Ministry and the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, and will include members of the Monetary Policy Committee and the Presidential Advisory Council,
14574 The market was lacking a data storage solution company with a holistic approach to data management with battle tested, high-quality solutions with a focus on customer experience,
14575 Whenever you see a successful woman, look out for three men who are going out of their way to try to block her.
14576 which one is the most stupid
14577 They have been behind me and I hope it continues like that. I promise them I will give my best, win, lose -- I don't care about the circumstances, I will keep giving my best.
14578 We are always looking for new and innovative ways to increase officer safety,
14579 A lot of people have lost their jobs and are on a tight budget,
14580 And so, we have changed our policies day to day because we are watching what other people have experienced.
14581 The distributional effects are worrisome as well: A one-year payroll tax cut of 2% of income would provide up to a $5,508 tax cut to a high-income couple but only $500 to a single parent getting by on $25,000 a year -- and nothing for a worker placed on leave without pay. This isn't the fairest or most efficient way to increase aggregate demand.
14582 The idea that there's a trade-off between health and economics right now is likely badly mistaken,
14583 Who can stand up to him, get down and dirty on the debate stage?
14584 As the agreement stands right now in terms of actual substantive changes in Chinese policy, there's not a lot there,
14585 It's not going to be the same and it's going to require a lot of support, but we have to do it in a careful way to provide the right incentives,
14586 If AI is a black box, then people won't trust it. In a connected world, however, trust will be essential,
14587 Anyone who has internalised technical and ethical principles knows how important data security and sovereignty are. In a way, trust is the product quality of the digital world,
14588 It may be more money than they expect.
14589 Remember, your real risk is not short-term market volatility, but having enough resources to last you the rest of your life,
14590 Tasa de inters:  vacuna contra el coronavirus?
14591 That's what central banks do.
14592 The new branding supports our commitment to improving the total customer experience by better identifying Beacon as a full-service supplier for building products. This is a very exciting change that is an important element in our growth strategy.
14593 This is what full employment looks like under current fundamentals.
14594 However, someone misinterpreted it all and this is how the media saw it. I would like to ask the deputy prime ministers, the ministers and the heads of services and agencies to make sure that there is a quick response in such situations. People need detailed comments,
14595 We have a fairly stable [ economic ] situation... we do have inflation but I think it will not exceed 4 percent, this is obvious.
14596 professionals of the highest class.
14597 I am totally over Dr. #FearPorn Fauci. Dump this guy from the team. 100% negative 100% of the time. Obvious Democrat plant,
14598 Ride2School Day is a fun way for students and parents to get active and experience the joy of riding a bike -- that's why we've expanded the program to more than 100 extra schools across Victoria.
14599 We can all do our bit by taking a trip to the regions. Whichever way you head in Victoria, you're bound to discover something to delight in.
14600 So much of this depends on the effectiveness of the policy response,
14601 The longer the lockdown goes on there, the more damage there will be. So we expect quite a bit of activity getting into these sites.
14602 The outdoors and parks are pretty much the last place we can go to enjoy our lives at this point. Everything else has been closed, all other entertainment and social outlets. So it's just so important to have this one place to go and feel normal in a way, and to breathe the fresh air, and clear your mind.
14603 This has been a rewarding experience, to work with you on the issues that we care deeply about and ensure that development economics serves to create opportunities for the poor,
14604 for a time when market functioning had improved and such an action could be expected to be most effective in supporting the economy,
14605 Without investment in new technologies and capital, productivity will continue to be weak, dampening the economy's growth potential and living standards.
14606 Iran and U.S. foreign policy toward the Middle East,
14607 and then there was an almost throwaway line at the end about what a bright future the Iranians have if they only reshape themselves as the United States demands.
14608 particularly for the first quarter
14609 The synod is about being missionaries, bringing the Gospel of Jesus to our brothers and sisters, especially amidst a lot of difficulties and a tremendous shortage of priests,
14610 It's a big part of who we are as a diocese and as a Church,
14611 This is the greatest country in the world. It's time for us to rally together and solve these kinds of issues.
14612 I really enjoy what I do, and I want to do what I can to help others around me be more successful,
14613 unique business model has repeatedly proven its resiliency in tough times.
14614 At the time of writing this paper, the probability of any of these scenarios and the range of plausible alternatives are highly uncertain,
14615 Most of the GDP loss that we saw in the SARS model, and in reality, was China slowing down. And so, with China much bigger, you'd expect the billions would be much bigger.
14616 If the larger philosophical question is, can we ever tell stories about the Holocaust that are not documentary? I believe we can and should.
14617 most extreme... sadism and violence that the Nazis perpetrated against the Jews and other victims.
14618 I think he came from the Amblin world -- another word for Spielberg -- so it was all very wondrous and clean.
14619 So you run and get toilet paper not because you need dozens of rolls, but because you fear that others are going to stockpile leaving none for you.
14620 This will be the lowest growth that developing Asia will have seen in 22 years, or since the Asian financial crisis,
14621 and he was driven from the sons of men, and his heart was made like the beasts, and his dwelling was with the wild asses... until he knew that God Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men
14622 Our rankings shot up, so I had to put us in the top flight,
14623 The GLICs are also investing in many of the same companies, and therefore raises (the issue) concentration risk. So, it will be good to diversify away from the domestic market too,
14624 This is a wonderful new accolade for Professor Belin,
14625 We are preparing for the ECB tomorrow, which could do something,
14626 The reason Australia has been able to avoid a recession for more than 20 years has a great deal to do with the rise of China. Its exposure is now a significant liability, and this is on top of the devastating fires,
14627 The dollar's rally has been extremely impressive this year,
14628 We believe that enterprise IoT is a strong fit for ExtraHop's network detection and response solution. Not only do we discover the presence of IoT devices, identifying make and model, but we also automatically segment into peer groups to detect suspicious behaviors and potential threats,
14629 I would proceed very cautiously if at all.
14630 We're a small congregation, and people are just trying to get accustomed to the technology,
14631 When you look at the [ facilities ] that are successful around the country, they have developed some specialty services.
14632 All their models tell us is that they have faith -- and a faith that bears no relation to the actual way in which capitalist economies function,
14633 The day of his visitation they practiced from 10:00 to 3:00, took showers, and came to the visitation as a family. They knew they had to do this for not only Terry, but for (his daughter) Sherry (Cox), (wife) JoAnn and the kids. Of course the two grandsons were not able to attend the extra practices but they practiced at home and by video every moment they had.
14634 The green bracelet would fade to red every week when it's time to get tested again.
14635 The vast majority of individuals and businesses won't notice anything,
14636 we put on everything from soundscapes, sound poetry; we put on all kinds of material, sound documentaries, everything that we thought was new and good for FM radio
14637 We were handicapped going through the 2007-09 crisis because we couldn't have more than three members of the board in the room at one time without announcing a meeting,
14638 Color has obviously played a major role in determining the fate of many Americans...
14639 I just want to bring out to other Senators that I had a bill on heat bill on those who work outdoors, those workers, agriculture, construction we need to pay attention to their needs as well,
14640 I would like the boards to be asking these questions and trying to ascertain how they are doing to measure the effects of these transactions and what are the consequences for not meeting goals,
14641 It is going to be a pretty high bar for us to make policy more contractionary,
14642 There's been some revisiting of the robustness of the financial services model. GE Capital was providing cover for some other parts of the business,
14643 It's not like going to town with a Benny Goodman pickup band that just brings out the horns,
14644 With oil demand down almost 5 million [ barrels per day ] at the time, a production cut was not economically feasible,
14645 COVID-19 is driving second-order effects in both commodity and equity markets that are creating outcomes which far exceeded our negative views from last month,
14646 You're seeing a one two punch with the industry,
14647 I felt like if I had a teacher of color, or just a good teacher in general, they would have handled that situation extremely differently,
14648 increased the cost of land to financially unsustainable levels... and made it easier for anyone who wants to stop a project to use the various consultative processes required under the law to delay matters
14649 We're heartened by the fact the (yuan) is fluctuating flexibly,
14650 With investors likely to become increasingly focused on U.S. election risk, and less on risks in Europe and Asia, we think there is a good argument for more geographic diversification,
14651 overheating the economy and adding to national debt.
14652 She has worked on trajectories of fertility. Beyond that she went to the next phase of gender and labour market, women's empowerment and issues of voice.
14653 There are obviously much to be proud of in the course of the country's near-half century journey,
14654 The outbreak seems rather severe,
14655 The U.S. went from having quantitative limits on how much apparel could be imported from a variety of countries to having those limits go away,
14656 There remains scope for greater collaboration, both within and between sectors, and indeed across this whole city, to refine our strategic thinking about how the sometimes disparate elements of the city economy can be connected more effectively.
14657 They indicate a backslide of the liberalization process that began three decades back.
14658 While feeding themselves is not a problem to many Chinese nowadays, eating novel food or meat, organs or parts from rare animals or plants has become a measure of identity to some people.
14659 critical bills in an expedited fashion.
14660 The Calgary market still does favour buyers, but it really is on a track to a more balanced state,
14661 The changes you're seeing now, with schools closing and gatherings limited, are part of our system of government working exactly the way it should -- to protect people,
14662 I'm not talking about taking a trip to the Bahamas,
14663 Our intention is to reschedule as many of our planned meetings as possible through a virtual set up from our offices in Farringdon, to reduce risk to individuals on our teams whilst continuing to progress business as usual, acquire books, make sales and grow our business internationally.
14664 reciprocal fear of a surprise attack.
14665 to reinforce the importance of sustainability
14666 We can try to come together globally and devise an international treaty. Countries may be willing to sign an international treaty in which they promise to reduce their carbon emissions to a safe level,
14667 We tried this approach during the 2007 recession in the US and let Lehman Brothers go under, and we learnt the unintended consequences. Lehman Brothers had so many interconnections that it impacted the entire financial market... So we cannot leave it to chance.
14668 We've found it hugely beneficial,
14669 Access Bank will continue to innovate and remain profitable while offering value to all investors and stakeholders. As we strive to expand our business operations, we will remain true to our core values of sustainable banking and adherence to global best practices,
14670 It also missed an invaluable opportunity to address the toxic combination of mental illness, adolescent psychology, and social media that was at the heart of this suicide case and will likely lead to additional tragedies in the future.
14671 Scott Downey is eminently qualified to lead the Center for Food and Agricultural Business, having served in management roles in industry and as associate director of the center,
14672 Think of how insidious that is,
14673 And that kind of revenue allows for a very generous support for coal-reliant areas,
14674 The toughest challenge will be how the ECB communicates (about the review) and the question of how to give a constructive outlet to differing opinions
14675 the worst peacetime depression experienced in the UK during the last century
14676 We do want to get out of this crisis on the eve of such a great holiday as Victory Day, but we definitely won't be able to extricate from the crisis,
14677 On 31 January, the emergency response center will hold a meeting to discuss additional measures on preventing and fighting the [ new ] coronavirus in Russia
14678 All participants are equally strong at the start and we are expecting a very interesting fight.
14679 The government has illegally occupied my house and this is the worst kind of political victimization,
14680 With a westerly wind, which is the prevailing wind direction here, a fire would leap the Princes Highway into Murramarang National Park in minutes, placing small coastal communities and holiday makers at grave risk,
14681 How many children are there really that parents will choose, this is what they want to do?
14682 I was looking forward to the whole experience but there was a lot of unknown that summer when I was going to be held. Not like now with social media or twitter where the news gets out.
14683 if you think about Europe, nobody has closed borders there and for the U.S. to shut the borders is very extreme in my view and it's trying to send a message.
14684 It took the measures necessary, under the circumstances.
14685 Let's say the government rolled in and set a minimum wage.... Workers want to supply more hours than firms want to hire.... You end up with excess supply. And we call that excess supply `unemployment.
14686 Steelton High would be down and my brother would get up and start that clap... clap clap your hands... and the next thing you know everyone is clapping. That gym would be packed up there. He knew the kids. He would always sit in the front row no matter what, you could tell from those kids that Coach Ed had earned their respect.
14687 They're taking stuff that's not theirs and a slap on the wrist isn't good enough,
14688 diagnosis of the problems Malawians are facing and a prescription to the economic and human development ailments Malawians are going through
14689 hibernate without bleeding cash and hence without risking bankruptcy
14690 The music our trio has recorded for my newest Sunnyside Records release, `Bounce' , shines a spotlight on the interaction of three musical minds that are determined to uplift the listener's inner spirit. Our music is an expression of a conversation between artists who have thrown themselves into the moment, and are acting and reacting from a place of freedom, warmth and camaraderie.
14691 all Rabbis and Pastors to use their podiums this weekend to preach against the vile frightening attacks/murders of African Americans against innocent Jewish women, children and men. Never Again!
14692 His honours and accomplishments listed here are but a few of many.
14693 It's a unique opportunity from year to year. No two stadiums are alike. No two cities are alike. Every year, you are dealing with different elements and different things you have to do to really have it all come together the right way.
14694 This is state-sponsored terror on an educational institution of repute, a week after the home minister's speech calling for the `anti-nationals' behind the public protests to be taught a lesson.
14695 If you look, the growth year over year is substantial and here in America, the latest statistics say that it's somewhere around a $10-to - $15 billion industry this year. It's at least that large in China and worldwide, we have to be talking about an industry that's $50 billion or more,
14696 If you think about things that have changed drastically in the past 20 years in the U.S., the amount of lobbying and campaign spending and the fact that we have a decreasing competition,
14697 Increasing liquidity buffers to firms in affected sectors is also needed to avoid debt default of otherwise sound enterprises,
14698 The foggers disperse diluted bleach water, which ensures there would be less microbes on the person,
14699 This generous gift from the Abeles and the Abele Family Foundation ensures that we will be able to continue to provide this critical support for the next decade and beyond.
14700 To deal with the current labor shortage, Japanese companies need to reform their compensation structure to offer higher paychecks to younger employees,
14701 With costless market transactions, the decision of the courts concerning liability for damage would be without effect on the allocation of resources.
14702 He deeply cares about central banking, but does not impose himself on others. He has his beliefs, and he argues his beliefs. He is not looking for headlines -- he is looking for the sound argument. That is why he is liked so much. Anyone that has worked with him speaks of him very highly. The respect for Otmar Issing could not be higher in all circles that I know. He is a star in central banking,
14703 We can think about the current situation as a crisis or as an opportunity to explore all these and many more new possibilities,
14704 With Trump's vision embracing these tenets of Rabin's, the authors are clearly suggesting that the widely anticipated Palestinian rejection of the plan is unjustifiable.
14705 Businesses and government and health officials have to come together to combat this situation. It is going to involve a lot of short-term pain.
14706 demonstrating high levels of anxiety
14707 Further, with our acquisition of Gluskin Sheff, Onex is now well-positioned to participate in the growing interest of high net worth investors in private market investments.
14708 Shringla has dealt with an issue of pride, `Howdy Modi!,' to issues of stress, students in a fake university, S-400 and trade tariffs, to issues of argument, as with Kashmir, CAA and NRC,
14709 That's a big deal. If you look at what happened in 2003... stock markets sold off double digits. If you look at the escalation of the reported cases, it feels a lot like that,
14710 The ramp system is coming out so the concourses can be widened and we can add some replacement club spaces and make the building hopefully a little more modern, so the fans can move around a little more freely,
14711 We forecast the South Korean economy to manage positive growth this year, but it would be difficult for the rate of growth to reach 1%,
14712 Where I've seen success is where people have been able to move beyond the rhetoric,
14713 status quo and `stability' ahead of credible elections.
14714 UTM pledges a K75 billion loan fund for the youth, women and other marginalised populations in the country. I have already identified the funds for this initiative,
14715 The aviation industry's openness and readiness to deploy SAF is very high,
14716 It is evident that the current model is not working,
14717 So you can indulge yourselves with a study of what it would be like if there were no taxes -- but the reality is unfortunately much harsher.
14718 They've given the economy a pretty substantial monetary injection last year with the three rate cuts, and they now need to wait and see how that plays out, because changes in monetary policy take quite some time to filter through the economy.
14719 This legally flawed rule means more uncertainty and more litigation. This rule will not provide regulatory relief to automakers, it will do just the opposite.
14720 The ongoing Covid-19 pandemic has illustrated the importance of ensuring rapid access and response to scientific information, as well as the utilization of that information,
14721 Among the questions that did that I've been working on with the with my staff are questions just to make it clear what Joe Biden's role has been in this. This stuff that somehow he was involved with this conspiracy -- that's a distraction, that's a bright shiny object,
14722 We need to be serious about it, and that includes funding the threat and making sure we have the resources.
14723 These new provisions will ensure the rules of this agreement can actually be enforced. That cannot be said of previous trade agreements that the Senate has ratified.
14724 This rule will lead to dirtier air at a time when our country is working around the clock to respond to a respiratory pandemic whose effects may be exacerbated by air pollution,
14725 As a recovering Governor, I know how important it is to get this critical funding to our state and local partners -- the men and women who are on the front lines testing and treating patients every day -- so that they have the resources they need to protect themselves and our communities.
14726 I talked to Republicans in South Carolina that plan to vote in the primary and to vote in the Democratic primary, and they're going to vote for Bernie,
14727 I believe everyone here today agrees that the Chemical Safety Board must continue to be provided with the resources it needs to do its job,
14728 This makes me hopeful we are seeing a peak in emissions and they will now start to decline.
14729 With their extensive know-how and deep pockets, oil and gas companies can play a crucial role in accelerating deployment of key renewable options such as offshore wind, while also enabling some key capital-intensive clean energy technologies -- such as hydrogen and CCUS -- to reach maturity,
14730 transformation of the energy sector can happen without the oil and gas industry, but it would be more difficult and more expensive.
14731 We should not allow today's crisis to compromise our efforts to tackle the world's inescapable challenge,
14732 This is likely to have major social and economic consequences, notably for public sector spending in vital areas such as healthcare and education,
14733 We're not as confident the impact of the coronavirus will be contained in the next few weeks, and dissipate without need of assistance.
14734 I don't see us getting there any time soon,
14735 The effects are significant and we are trying to understand them,
14736 This rate cut will hopefully will give some homeowners much-needed relief however if you do have trouble paying their home loan call your bank straight away to see if they can help.
14737 It is too early to tell how persistent the effects of the coronavirus will be and at what point the global economy will return to an improving path,
14738 prepared to transact in whatever quantities are needed
14739 With interest rates having already been reduced to a very low level and recognizing the long and variable lags in the transmission of monetary policy, the Board decided to hold the cash rate steady at this meeting,
14740 We're seeing lower rates of investment, lower rates of business formation, lower rates of people switching jobs, and in some areas lower rates of R&D expenditure. So right across those metrics it feels like we're becoming a bit less dynamic. I worry about that for the longer term.
14741 Australia's financial markets are operating effectively and the bank will ensure that the Australian financial system has sufficient liquidity.
14742 It is too early to determine how long-lasting the impact will be,
14743 Today, China is a larger part of the global economy and it is more closely integrated, including with Australia, so the international spillovers could be larger than they were back in 2003. Much will depend on the success of the various efforts to control the virus so we are monitoring developments closely.
14744 But all things considered, our baseline expectations are an additional 25 basis point cut at the March 17-18 meeting followed by a 25 basis point cut in April.
14745 Despite a negligible hit to aggregate US activity from supply chain production disruptions under our baseline scenario, we have nevertheless increased our estimated growth drag from the coronavirus given the slower than expected pickup in Chinese activity and travel,
14746 Nearly 75% of companies responding to an ISM survey conducted in late February and early March reported that they have already experienced disruptions related to the coronavirus. This is a larger and earlier impact than we had expected. Second, we have significantly increased our assumptions for the boost from fiscal policy and now see an easing of 1-2% of GDP.
14747 That said, at this point President Trump's net approval rating is similar to that of the two postwar incumbents who lost, Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush,
14748 Beyond the hit to consumer spending, there are two other reasons for revising our growth forecast. First, the likelihood of significant supply chain disruptions has grown,
14749 Overall, the changes underlying the Great Moderation appear intact, and we see the economy as structurally less recession-prone today,
14750 The coronacrisis has pushed the world economy into a deep recession,
14751 which directly corresponds to reduced economic activity; if so, any economic rebound could result in a large second wave of infections
14752 emerging economies will need a lot more help from the rich world,
14753 But clearly, even more needs to be done. As the virus spreads, increased coordinated action will be key to boosting confidence and providing stability to the global economy,
14754 The IMF and the World Bank Group stand ready to help our member countries address the human tragedy and economic challenge posed by the COVID-19 virus. We are engaged actively with international institutions and country authorities, with special attention to poor countries where health systems are the weakest and people are most vulnerable,
14755 We have reduced our forecast from 3.4% to 3.3% but it is only because of India, the main reason for the downgrade, and because of unrest in a couple of countries. The rest of the world looks better today than it did in October,
14756 World economy is now in a recession way worse than the global financial crisis of 2008 due to COVID. It is a crisis like no other & never in the history of IMF we have seen the world economy coming to a standstill.
14757 We are looking very carefully at data on the economic impact of coronavirus,
14758 The outlook for global growth: for 2020 is negative -- a recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse. But we expect recovery in 2021. To get there, it is paramount to prioritise containment and strengthen health systems -- everywhere. The economic impact is and will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be.
14759 We also saw the benefit of synchronised action of central banks. Accommodative monetary policy has delivered half a percentage boost to global growth. Actually, it is quite remarkable that 49 central banks cut interest rates 71 times, and leading to an outcome for growth for 2019 of 2.9 per cent,
14760 We started aiming for USD 50 billion, we are now at USD 100 billion, and in one short month, the month of April, our Board will have approved half of what is now exceptionally high demand for these resources, 102 countries asking for it. Already we disbursed for 15 in a record short time,
14761 I'm so glad that during the G20 discussion this morning there was unanimous support for the Fund to do more, especially for those who need us more,
14762 Our joint appeal to policymakers, especially in emerging market and developing economies, is to recognise that protecting public health and putting people back to work go hand-in-hand,
14763 I believe there are three areas where the finance ministers and central bank governors can make progress in providing more certainty about future actions during the G20 meetings in Saudi Arabia: Trade, Climate, and Inequality,
14764 I would like to extend a warm welcome to him as he joins the Fund team and I look forward to our working closely together. The IMF is putting all hands-on deck to help our membership address this crisis -- and Geoffrey will play a key role in our efforts.
14765 To get there, firms will need to better price climate change impacts in their loans.
14766 There hasn't been interest in pursuing SDRs from the U.S. side, in fact they went that far to say that they are not favoring SDRs,
14767 For example, coming with the unified tax system, and the demonetisation that took place. These are steps that over time are beneficial, but of course, they might, might be somewhat disruptive over short term,
14768 to scale up climate change mitigation and adaptation.
14769 For this reason, we are turning to your honorable organization to request its evaluation about the possibility of authorizing Venezuela a financing line of US$ 5 billion from the emergency fund of the Rapid Financing Instrument.
14770 We do project recovery in 2021,
14771 It is still sluggish growth. We want fiscal policies to be more aggressive and we want structural reforms and more dynamism,
14772 my immense gratitude to @pontifex for joining our dialogue and for your inspiring words. We fully share your vision that the global economy needs to be more inclusive, more fraternal and should care about our common home, our planet.
14773 We would be a much richer world,
14774 We are now in recession, it is way worse than the global financial crisis and it is a crisis that requires all of us to come together.
14775 The rest, 0.5, is due to uncertainty, investments not taking place, because of uncertainty,
14776 falling through cracks of federal assistance
14777 Given the scale of the climate challenge and the rising expectations of our citizens, 2020 must be a year of climate action where everybody's in, and that includes the world's leading financial centre,
14778 There's less tourism - as you can see on our streets here in the UK. That's lower activity as well. We would expect world growth would be lower than it otherwise would be, and that has a knock-on effect on the UK.
14779 just coming into focus.
14780 destabilise markets, spark a pro-cyclical crystallisation of losses and lead to a persistent tightening of financial conditions
14781 we will spend another decade doing worthy things but not enough
14782 would be lower than it otherwise would be and that it has a knock-on effect on the UK
14783 Bank of England Governor Carney's speech underlines that the January 30 MPC [ Monetary Policy Committee ] meeting will be a consequential meeting with the live possibility of a rate cut for insurance purposes, though he stopped short of signaling an intent to cut at that meeting,
14784 With major investors, the question is: what is your plan to get to net zero?
14785 The pace of growth in the UK has slowed below potential, owing to the weaker external backdrop and a persistent drag from entrenched Brexit uncertainties. Unusually during an expansion, business investment has contracted in four out of the past seven quarters and is currently estimated to be just 1.5 per cent higher than at the time of the referendum.
14786 considerable time and resources,
14787 There's much less ammunition for all the major central banks than they previously had, and I'm of the opinion that this situation will persist for some time,
14788 We are already seeing a rebound in confidence, business confidence and to some extent a firming of consumer confidence,
14789 I think they are (listening), they're listening to the realities, so these issues have moved very swiftly from being corporate responsibility issues or more niche issues within finance to become fundamental value drivers. I think we're seeing a fundamental reshaping of the financial system,
14790 I miss the David Brinkley days and the Walter Cronkite days where you can trust that they have done their homework,
14791 It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this drop is severe.
14792 I strongly advise that you avoid gambling in such cheap merchandise, because everything sells for what it's worth,
14793 Meanwhile 16 million people are entering the jobs stream each year -- most facing the prospect of poor quality jobs, or no jobs at all. All this presents an enormous challenge.
14794 Our immediate focus now is to deal with the immediate consequences of the COVID-19 crisis to help to save lives,
14795 NATO allies have stood united on Russia's breach of the treaty.
14796 expanding and scaling up to do more
14797 So we will discuss our response to the whole range of Russian missile systems -- conventional and nuclear -- currently deployed or under development.
14798 At the meeting today, allies called for restraint and de-escalation. A new conflict would be in no one's interest. So, Iran must refrain from further violence and provocations.
14799 The President emphasized the value of NATO increasing its role in preventing conflict and preserving peace in the Middle East,
14800 an important step which will make the circulation of people and goods easier and faster within the Wester Balkans region.
14801 military escalation by Russia-backed regime forces in Idlib
14802 Black Sea Region is of importance, great importance for NATO. And we have to remember that what triggered the adaptation, the strengthening of NATO's collective defence, which we have seen over the last years, was actually the illegal annexation of Crimea in the Black Sea,
14803 need to demonstrate that they are both willing and capable to deliver a reduction of violence and contribute to peace in good faith.
14804 a critical test of the Taliban's willingness and ability to... contribute to peace in good faith.
14805 We must continue to work hard to ensure that this health crisis does not become a security crisis and that we are better prepared when the next crisis comes.
14806 have proven that they are capable of fighting Daesh
14807 urged all parties to de-escalate this dangerous situation and avoid further worsening of the horrendous humanitarian situation in the region,
14808 We should not be tempted to trade short term economic benefits for longer term challenges to our security.
14809 including by augmenting its air defenses, which helps Turkey against the threat of missile attacks from Syria
14810 so it's reasonable to think the fear of job loss right now is very low.
14811 grim, but only the start,
14812 If we're right, the unemployment rate will keep falling, heading towards 3% by the end of the year,
14813 Anecdotal evidence and company statements make it very clear that both business and leisure travel are collapsing, and it is just a matter of time before spending at restaurants, movie theaters, music venues and sports events drops sharply, too.
14814 We're hoping today's reading will be the peak, but we can't be sure,
14815 No one can have been much surprised at the record plunges in both consumer sentiment, reported by the University of Michigan survey, and small business confidence and activity, reported by the National Federation of Independent Business,
14816 Our base case here is that a full-blown war between the U.S. and Iran is unlikely, though we appreciate the old adage that nothing brings a country together more effectively than an external threat, and Iran's government right now is extremely unpopular,
14817 We are confident that the speed of the collapse now is faster than after the crash of September 2008, at which point the economy had already been in recession for a year; this is an overnight stop,
14818 The more money small businesses request for payroll in the form of grants, the less the government has to spend at all levels on unemployment insurance.
14819 The SARS' `Bat-SL-CoVZc45' and `Bat-SL-CoVZXC21' - with its natural Bat-based `mushrooms on the surface-did not enter humans,
14820 I wish for humanity to survive this deceptively friendly coronavirus. I expect China to tell all - the raw truth - so every nations
14821 They want the pitchfork message, not the unity message -- on both sides,
14822 With the #DemDebate almost over, @BernieSanders has the edge. He is not punching other Democrats too much (other than @MikeBloomberg, of course) and his core message appeals to the Democratic base.
14823 We are pleased to see that speeds have generally improved, however we need more action from NBN Co and retail service providers so that all consumers can access their full NBN plan speeds,
14824 We've got panic buying in our supermarkets, we've got to make sure the supply is there, so we've allowed the supermarkets to cooperate on a temporary basis, just while the crisis is on,
14825 The ACCC will seek to ensure electricity companies set fair prices for customers and do not abuse their market position,
14826 However, we are concerned there is a risk that some of the proposed arrangements may have a long-term anti-competitive effect, especially as this authorisation covers a majority of private health insurers.
14827 We recognise this is an urgent request. This authorisation will help provide certainty for regional flight operators to support services on these routes for those who need to use them,
14828 Every airline around the world needs help, it's not just Qantas and it's not just Virgin, they will run out of cash eventually,
14829 whatever it takes for the banks.
14830 As we develop new dormitories, it will also offer opportunities to renovate existing dormitories,
14831 I would not favor that at this time,
14832 One of the things that makes us in a better spot than some other countries is that our banking system was strong coming into this,
14833 It's probably a good idea to look at Alibaba at this stage,
14834 Although there are some opportunities to get, I would certainly claim it's most likely an excellent suggestion to keep some powder completely dry for one more slump. We may see a dual base,
14835 the Fed categorically did the right thing
14836 The Islamic State (ISIS), the Pentagon's `Caliphate Project' and the `Global War on Terrorism. '
14837 The risk of catching a serious viral infection on an aircraft is low,
14838 There is a dark cloud hovering over, which could represent a problem,
14839 That opportunity is reserved for a very small few. So for Banded Peak, this deal makes sense. This deal is going to allow Labatt to scale this organization up.
14840 Most farming groups were looking at a very good year, so this is coming as certainly bad news for most farmers,
14841 2016: HISTORY. 2017: DYNASTY?
14842 Sources confirmed no such mandate from ownership exists,
14843 This will help wide swaths of the population that have concerns but who are not significantly ill and don't need clinical assessment,
14844 And you think he would listen?
14845 half of its fiscal expenditures are going towards paying its debt.
14846 It is not easy to predict changes that will come over the next decade. But it is easy to expect that the impact of changes in population and technological developments will become much greater while this trend of a new normal continues,
14847 Measuring Heterogeneity in Job Finding Rates among the Non-Employed Using Labor Force Status Histories.
14848 Muji's case teaches foreign companies that they should place securing rights in China at the center of their branding strategy,
14849 That is a fact and a reality and something we have to own up to. I believe that what we see in front of us is not only an investment in the short term, it is a long-term investment that will reap long-term rewards. Not just in our educational outcomes, but in our economic productivity moving forward.
14850 but all of that assumes that people have access to perfect information,
14851 The gameplay naturally forces them to remove each other from the game, so the format has enough in it to feature drama. In `Big Brother' or `Survivor,' there are also game elements that can [ kick someone out ] but this is just them, in their bubble, having to turn on each other,
14852 The lockdown should be called off as soon as possible,
14853 There is no better home for our artists and their music.
14854 We truly feel that this is the right home for Univision moving forward,
14855 He's giving us the drive to keep doing our thing and keep pursuing our dream.
14856 This would avoid hot conflict in Libya,
14857 ultimately, equities are good investment.
14858 Upon advice of [ Department of Health ], all national and regional activities involving learners and/or teachers requiring travel and congregation of various schools, divisions, and/pr regions are suspended,
14859 enable the affected schools to catch up
14860 We have been advised to take care of exposing our children to crowded places. Right now the policy is for temporary postponement of all these activities because it will be drawing in learners, teachers, family members from all regions,
14861 When the RSI falls below 30, it's been a good buy signal, and anything below 20 has been a screaming buy,
14862 It is anticipated the Ethereum network will implement Progressive Proof of Work this year, which would effectively eliminate ASIC mining on the network thereby increasing the relative efficiency of GPU mining facilities. Additionally, GPUs provide us with flexibility to identify and focus these computing resources on other existing and new cryptocurrencies if they become more profitable to mine, or for other high efficiency computing applications.
14863 Anytime you score that quick, it's great,
14864 Central banks are following equilibrium rates down, not the other way around.
14865 Emerging and frontier market economies are facing the perfect storm,
14866 Considering that the economic fallout reflects particularly acute shocks in specific sectors, policymakers will need to implement substantial targeted fiscal, monetary, and financial market measures to help affected households and businesses,
14867 A partial recovery is projected for 2021, with above trend growth rates, but the level of GDP will remain below the pre-virus trend, with considerable uncertainty about the strength of the rebound,
14868 The downward revision primarily reflects negative surprises to economic activity in a few emerging market economies, notably India, which led to a reassessment of growth prospects over the next two years. In a few cases, this reassessment also reflects the impact of increased social unrest.
14869 On the fiscal side there was already one major reform that was done which was the corporate tax and we think that should affect though of course it takes a while, it is not something that happens immediately.
14870 fallen far short of what is needed,
14871 In its new facility the Fed will buy IG [ investment grade ] corp bonds including the $1 trillion of `fallen angels' IG bonds that are 1 step from being downgraded to junk bonds,
14872 What's happening in the United States is totally crazy,
14873 People, when they talk about V shaped, they don't know what they're talking about,
14874 If you shut down everything for three months, you stop the pandemic, new cases go to zero, you have one or two quarters of really bad economic activity, and then you go back gradually to normal,
14875 It means they're going to go without. And you don't want to think about what going without a medical ventilator means when you're seriously ill with COVID-19,
14876 I've gotten a decent amount of my stickers for free, and most of them are from places or people significant to me.
14877 Small modular reactors are an opportunity to ensure security of supply of carbon-free energy to Estonia and the Baltic States in all weather conditions,
14878 bound by the idea that one gender should propose.
14879 If you want that surprise proposal, I hope you get it. Tradition can be beautiful. But as I see it, if we want to achieve equality, we have to rethink the social norms around getting engaged,
14880 inspiring women across the world to believe in themselves.
14881 We  ve listened to small businesses to understand how we can best help them,
14882 And that Prince Charmings send their horses back to the barn.
14883 but the dawn of every year sees more women actively getting involved and finishing the races in record time.
14884 Demand in certain industries is dropping off a cliff,
14885 Certainly production was derailed for most of February, but the factories are slowly getting back up to speed so far in March,
14886 Globally, a once-healthy economic growth outlook has been revised down sharply due to the outbreak and spread of Covid-19. This coronavirus will negatively affect global and domestic economic growth through the first half of 2020, and potentially longer, depending on steps taken to limit its spread.
14887 The bank expects GDP in 2020 to contract by 6.1% compared to -0.2% expected just a few weeks ago.
14888 I just think it is a very punk thing to do -- to put a rock and roll museum in a police station would be fantastic. Everybody would go for that.
14889 Wahey we're getting back together,
14890 Oasis fans from All Around The World could be about to get some great news with the odds of a reunion continuing to shorten.
14891 I wrote a song last year called The worlds in need - /:; () (might have to release it doesn't matter if it's out of tune as it's true c'm on you know LG x (sic).
14892 retire as a solo artist
14893 Wash your hands, you little f ** kers,
14894 Although-sadly-it is true that there are almost 11 tickets left for my upcoming shows in MCR. Don't worry folks only 13 more years left now before I retire. (sic)
14895 The Jam c'mon Weller, The Smiths c'mon Marr Rkid Oasis c'mon noel what a gig oh and the Cheeky Girls what a f *** ing line up c'mon you know.
14896 He's really good, got his dad's musical talent.
14897 I think it's something we could all use this time of year, when it's kind of cold and dreary outside. It's a love story. It's a story about true love, the magic of true love.
14898 Trump is clearly not your average president. He is clearly capable of taking actions
14899 We want to assure the Sudanese people that the incidents that took place today are under control and they will not stop us and our mission nor will they be a reason for us to retreat from the goals of this revolution.
14900 I would like to assure the people of Sudan that I am safe and in good shape,
14901 additional push to the wheels of change.
14902 We would be failing the secretary-general if we did not address the issue of climate impacts... I do not see any solution in the Sahel at the moment... unless it encompassed what we are saying,
14903 We need to examine the underlying social and economic causes of displacement including poverty, inequality, marginalization and exclusion, environmental fragilities, governance challenges and the impact of displacement on societies and countries to be able to propose the correct solutions.
14904 Global Blue is well-positioned to continue to deliver excellent returns due to its integrated technology platform, high-quality customer base, and experienced strategic partners including Ant Financial and Silver Lake. Far Point evaluated numerous companies to capitalize, and Global Blue is exactly the type of high-quality, growing business we hoped to identify for our initial SPAC.
14905 It looks like a long laundry list of wishes and intentions, which are good, but will they deliver? How much money and effort is being put to each one of these sixteen measures?,
14906 Nothing is going to work, the Fed is not going help, fiscal policy is not going to help,
14907 The Federal Reserve and other central banks should defend against inflation that is too low at least as vigorously as they resist inflation that is modestly too high.
14908 could limit the Fed's ability to reduce longer term rates by QE or other measures.
14909 much closer to a major snowstorm or a natural disaster than it is to a classic 1930s style depression.
14910 And the causes of the Great Depression were very different, basically monetary and financial causes and the current situation is due to a pandemic, to a force of nature. So, it's a different problem with different solutions.
14911 The dollar's surge will renew calls for a shift from a dollar-centric global financial system.
14912 The whole intellectual edifice,
14913 We are pleased to see the government taking meaningful action on reducing red tape irritants by launching the cut red tape website and working to develop a count and comprehensive measure of the regulatory burden in Alberta.
14914 Deferrals just aren't enough,
14915 We try to keep up with social distancing, but having said that, there are very few people coming in. Even though we are considered an essential service, most people don't quite appreciate that.
14916 When you hit the capacity of intensive care beds then you might get an additional shift up which could reset the rate of increase thereafter,
14917 The focus is now on monitoring the more serious end of the disease spectrum.
14918 While cutting interest rates is an option, the shock will require a mix of monetary, fiscal and health policy responses,
14919 He was never brought to justice. So this show is the opportunity to do that, and to shed light on his real legacy.
14920 That was the responsibility that weighed on me every night and every morning for years, while writing, producing, editing this show,
14921 In speaking to the `chess match' scene specificallythis is a fictionalized event... Why did I feel the need to create a fictional event when there were so many real horrors that existed? After all, it is true that Nazis perpetrated widespread and extreme acts of sadism and tortureand even incidents of cruel `game' against their victims. I simply did not want to depict those specific, real acts of trauma.
14922 This show takes the point of view that symbolic representations provide individuals access to an emotional and symbolic reality that allows us to better understand the experiences of the Shoah and provide it with meaning that can address our urgent present,
14923 I didn't want to borrow from someone's true story in that way. This is not a documentary, it's a dramatic narrative series. Our fictional characters -- Meyer, Ruth, Chava -- are present in this scene. And so I wanted to depict the kind of trauma that victims experienced in a representationally truthful, factual, symbolic, if not literal, way.
14924 A love letter to my grandmother.
14925 I think the boldest storytellers are the ones who take that chance and risk. Stories about the Holocaust are some of the most important stories to tell, but I think a lot of buyers caution against it because it's not safe or easy.
14926 it is the clear view of the Group that the tabulation of the final election results has not yet been completed and verified according to the established procedures and relevant legal and statutory provisions
14927 Our oceans are under so much pressure, seismic testing and drilling can only make things much worse,
14928 She has experience and talent. An entire community is backing her,
14929 The time has come for us to take seriously our Puranic sources and to imbibe a de-falsified and well-founded history of ancient India, a history written by Indians about Indians,
14930 I welcome Namo's statement in Kolkata that History, as we know, should be reviewed. He should implement that statement by re-naming Victoria Memorial as Rani Jhansi Smarak Mahal. Queen Victoria took over India after the betrayal of Rani Jhansi in 1857 and looted India for 90 years
14931 any country that has 30% Muslims is in trouble.
14932 There is involvement of foreign elements in the protests at Shaheen Bagh.
14933 by bleeding agriculture to the bone, exporting and draining national resources estimated at $71 trillion at current prices, and by blocking native innovation, the British rule set India two centuries back in development.
14934 Right now, it (Air India disinvestment) is before the consultative committee and I am a member of that. I have been asked to give a note which will be discussed in the next meeting. They can't go ahead without that,
14935 The file is on Home Minister Amit Shah's table and soon they will lose their citizenship,
14936 Because Modi doesn't understand Economics. Nirmala Sitaraman is giving tax waivers to corporates, but this is not where the problem lies. The problem is where the purchasing power has to be spent.
14937 impact of high aviation fuel prices and coronavirus on the domestic air services.
14938 India: an economic superpower for 2030,
14939 JNU can never improve until it is shut down for two years. Uneducated and unqualified people were deliberately given admission there under the Congress rule. The hostel rent is Rs 10 per month and students there are as old as 35-40 years and fail every year. Students in JNU have only one aim -- get a place to live in the campus in Delhi and travel across the country and participate in socialist programmes,
14940 Some of you may be wondering why we can't just dip into the endowment to support us through these difficult times. We do intend to distribute as much from the endowment as we responsibly can, but there are limitations to the endowment's capacity,
14941 the relationship between admissions and philanthropy,
14942 He was extraordinarily generous with both his time and his wisdom, and he gave me great advice that I have passed on to many people over the years: Always do the right thing,
14943 The demographics are overwhelming. Unless we change immigration laws significantly, all businesses will be struggling to find workers. This will become a significant brake on economic growth.
14944 While the economy will be okay in 2020, I think the stock market will have a rougher go of it.
14945 The job market is strong, but not nearly as strong as thought,
14946 it's hard to get surprised... April is going to be very bad,
14947 most immediate and direct link between the U.S. economy
14948 It's becoming a threat to the economic expansion that is rising,
14949 Mild winter weather provided a significant boost to the January employment gain.... Abstracting from the vagaries of the data underlying job growth is close to 125,000 per month...
14950 Valuations were very stretched. Anything probably would have pushed the stock market back on its heels,
14951 The timing couldn't be worse. It's eviscerating investor sentiment,
14952 It's just a question of how big.
14953 The leisure and hospitality and construction industries in particular experienced an outsized increase in jobs.
14954 While that was still a solid number, it was down from a spending surge of 4.6% in the second quarter and 3.2% in the third quarter.
14955 the foundation of a great educational opportunity for our students.
14956 At Cicis, we're all about providing more value to our All Ways Unlimited experience at one low price.
14957 liberals are basically completely f'd up people,
14958 The Russian government did the right thing in taking over private banks. But it didn't remove the management of bankrupt state banks and created unfair competition,
14959 the seller decided a bird in the hand was the one to take.
14960 to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
14961 We have all the instruments to overcome the situation calmly, without any shocks. We have enough resources to maintain financial stability,
14962 To develop further and ensure further growth of GDP, we need primarily to stimulate the growth of investment... to restore trust that has perhaps been lost between the authorities and business,
14963 If our president is on board, let's get these people here,
14964 It is important to keep in mind that the March survey reference periods for both surveys predated many coronavirus-related business and school closures in the second half of the month,
14965 There are reasons to think this could be as bad as the Great Depression
14966 All of this says that what we need right now is a government-backed Strategic Toilet Paper Reserve,
14967 Let it be said at once: the treatment received by Bernie Sanders in the leading media in the United States and in Europe is unjust and dangerous.
14968 may well be greater than the costs
14969 No doubt, for a couple of week the fires were probably a deterrent, but I think those who have been watching throughout the Australia Open saw that Australia is open,
14970 on top of me aroused, his private parts on top of mine
14971 I took her hands and I did say `Let's reenact the Christmas card. It was a joke, high jinks, a piece of fun. It was never meant to be anything else.
14972 one of Scotland's greatest job creators
14973 only mammal hunted to extinction in modern India
14974 The violent incident that occurred in JNU was not a sudden development but was planned. Everyone knows who was behind this violence. I make a direct charge that HRD Minister and the Home Minister are responsible for the incident. This is nothing but an officially sponsored goondaism,
14975 outlined the most plausible scenario,
14976 That is a powerful outcome in the face of heightened downside risks,
14977 The fear factor around the economic shock from preventative measures may push markets down further in the meantime,
14978 They probably feel like they need to be super careful to get things right,
14979 catalyst for psychological problems... that were not all beneficial.
14980 Dominic Cummings is an exceptionally gifted and clever man. Every government needs a disruptor. Governments that don't have disruptors become complacent and run out of steam. The predictable pretend loathing of Cummings is totally pathetic.
14981 focused on stories for and about the communities they serve.
14982 Index fund management is heavily concentrated among three giant, trillion-dollar money managers that together hold some 20% of U.S. stocks. That concentration is concerning to me,
14983 a closure is not being considered, but if they do it -- NIS 50 billion in lost gains will be the cost.
14984 it is with regret that Terra Firma is unable to guarantee that we will be in a position to hire any new analysts this year
14985 It will keep extraordinary purchase programs in place until the economic recovery is well underway.
14986 Some may suggest this is using a lot of firepower,
14987 We're not saying that the door is not open to an interest rate cut. Obviously it is -- it is open,
14988 The outlook is highly conditional on how long the containment measures remain in place, and how households and firms adapt,
14989 She's great! We've worked together for years and she is an excellent choice for the Riv.
14990 The timeframe is less of a problem than the politics.
14991 But that is a very big `if' .
14992 The virus is disrupting supply chains, and companies are asking workers not to travel and not to go to work, which is lowering the total amount of hours worked in the economy,
14993 It is and continues to be an eye-watering number. It continues to confirm our worst fears about the speed of lay-offs,
14994 Direct transfers to households may reach most but not all, as a number of commentators have pointed out, and the quantum of transfers seems inadequate to see a household through a month.
14995 We cannot be sure of the full impact of coronavirus on Indian economy at the moment.
14996 When even elite universities become literal battlegrounds, accusations that the government is attempting to suppress dissent-even if by apathy rather than design-gain substantial credibility,
14997 It's a sad story, I think most recently, it is politics,
14998 few companies and investors provided details at Davos on how they would rapidly transition away from an economy based on fossil fuels. Just a fraction of global businesses currently disclose the financial risks posed by climate change. Even fewer have set their own targets and timetables to do what the science demands: Reduce total greenhouse gas emissions by half over the next decade.
14999 Four years ago we had $6.5 bln in debt to foreign oil companies, all of which we paid,
15000 has the decency and character to be the kind of Senator we need at this critical time.
15001 However, modest supply cuts would help to alleviate looming storage constraints, which under existing supply/demand conditions could reach capacity by the end of summer, if not earlier.
15002 For the U.S. and Europe, the COVID-19 shock will likely straddle the first two quarters of the year,
15003 Learning organizations are organizations where people continually expand their capacity to create the results they truly desire, where new and expansive patterns of thinking are nurtured, where collective aspiration is set free, and where people are continually learning to see the whole together.
15004 May I urge you not to make any changes in the rate structure in these perilous economic times, particularly keeping in mind the interest of the common people,
15005 Bangla Finance Minister Amit Mitra has called for a three-day session of all finance ministers to overhaul the framework of the Goods and Services Tax, the design of which is faulty and is one of the reasons for the economic slowdown in the country today.
15006 But we are dismayed that the Centre has released only an amount of Rs 417 crores for the month of April, in a routine manner without taking into cognizance the unprecedented COVID-19 crisis,
15007 This crisis has shown that international cooperation and solidarity are essential to protect global well-being and peace. COP26 next year should become a centre piece of revitalized global cooperation.
15008 through a couple of forces,
15009 Through this hard work, I am very pleased to report that Gov. Walz announced supplemental budget recommendations that includes the entire overpayment amount to both Leech Lake and White Earth. Meaning, White Earth and Leech Lake would not have to repay the overpayments made to the tribes,
15010 We are doing everything in our power to keep our membership safe, and together, we will get our community through this crisis,
15011 We believe that sticking with the process is the only way to achieve the long-term gains we seek.
15012 with a Chinese zone and an American zone, and a digital Berlin Wall running right down the middle.
15013 But we might not get such a quick bounce-back because the virus will continue to disrupt public health and therefore the world economy for years to come.
15014 mentally disordered: megalomaniacal, paranoid and psychopathic,
15015 they could outflank the world's governments in ending poverty and pandemic disease.
15016 You either keep the activities up and running or stop them,
15017 growing sense of unfairness, precarity, perceived loss of identity and dignity, eroding trust in institutions, disenchantment with political processes and an erosion of the social contract.
15018 The social and economic consequences of inequality are profound and far-reaching: a growing sense of unfairness, precarity, perceived loss of identity and dignity, weakening social fabric, eroding trust in institutions, disenchantment with political processes, and an erosion of the social contract. The response by business and government must include a concerted effort to create new pathways to socioeconomic mobility, ensuring everyone has fair opportunities for success,
15019 naivety and an unwillingness to look closely because what we find might make life difficult
15020 Until recently, this was impossible due to regulations over cross-state doctor-patient care, privacy regulations and requirements for in-person first visits to the doctors. But a lot of that has now gone out the window because some things just need to get done.
15021 I was anxious to do it because, like so many others, I'm curious and interested and worried about who our candidate will be and how we are going to beat Trump,
15022 the fastest, largest and most broad-based increase in debt in emerging markets and developing economies.
15023 Watch those Friday numbers on U.K. manufacturing and services growth which will be the next to influence the fluid rate debate.
15024 With a possible recession looming, the euro area would normally be preparing to mobilize monetary and fiscal policies to cushion the shock. The problem is that, as previously detailed, there is no room for further monetary easing in the euro area. There does seem to be significant room for fiscal action, but the nonunified status of the euro area severely limits the actual scope for discretionary stabilization. This post assesses the margin of maneuver within the EU rules.
15025 Following South Korea, we need to locate regions and pockets which have to be kept under close watch and locked down, with others being opened up with rules of behaviour in place -- masks, social distancing, quarantining those unwell -- so that the rest of India can get back to producing goods and services, and help the locked-down areas. We have to start some of our domestic flights and trains, with new rules,
15026 Trust and a sense of belonging are not economic variables, but they form an important part of the underlying normative foundation of an economy. These values are eroding in India.
15027 Going to cash could mean you will end up eating cat food five years from now.
15028 people can go into remission, with no attacks for months or even years,
15029 There can also be no question that the sanctions have affected Iran's ability to contain the outbreak, leading in turn to more infections, and possibly to the virus' spread beyond Iran's borders,
15030 This is the dilemma of the disease and of the economy. To limit and control the disease you basically have to kill the economy. It's a trade-off,
15031 Capitalism does not work in an 18-month shutdown, capitalism can work in a 30-day shutdown.
15032 civil, but not warm, relationship,
15033 is not likely to be materially affected by coronavirus developments.
15034 Tell all Americans that you are putting us on an extended Spring Break at home with family. Keep only essential services open. The government pays wages until we reopen.
15035 Everybody pulled around so all of the other bits of the local NHS made sure that they could provide the PPE and we also had their supplies from the local FE college,
15036 active member of the local Conservative party
15037 condemnation or sense of regret
15038 He stepped into Libya, into Syria, he's stepping into Iran and Iraq -- he wants to be able to be a kingmaker, even if his country is not all that powerful.
15039 I'm just saying, we need to be more Christ-like,
15040 In the 19th century they were seen as a radical group,
15041 It's not supposed to be just another government policy instrument to try to engineer outcomes. And what we've seen is central banks trying too hard to do just that, and they've engineered us right into a negative rate scenario, which completely undermines the idea of having faith in the future.
15042 make the Republican case for Elizabeth Warren.
15043 One thing I've learned in life is not to let people manage your affairs who are delusional enough to think they could outbid Chevron and outsmart Buffett,
15044 showcases confidence in potential of the combined entity.
15045 People like Carl Icahn, T Boone Pickens and I - we changed the game.
15046 What it's doing is just making more transparent a relationship between the Treasury and the Fed that has always existed,
15047 Let the private sector create as many good jobs as it is willing to create, but the problem is there is always a segment of the population that doesn't get invited to the table,
15048 because at some point we can't not have an economy.
15049 I would also expect that, because Australia is so close to China that this will end up being a net negative for you.
15050 White House officials are leaning hard into the idea of tax cuts and industry assistance, while Democrats have said their proposals are focused more on helping workers, health care providers, schools, and senior citizens.
15051 For many [ small-scale farmers ], asset accumulation is like the game of snakes and ladders: a decade of additions to one's assets can be eroded in a single storm or drought,
15052 Indy Scotland must be a republic and tax this arrogant fool.
15053 Let me be clear and say this is a self-funding deal and that deal will be funded by America from within America,
15054 no clean separation between the pursuit of monetary stability and that of financial stability in the medium term.
15055 certainly giving good signs of stabilization
15056 the plurality of stakeholders -- shareholders of course, but also customers, clients, creditors, workers and wider society
15057 Some early stage signs in surveys suggest there could be a stirring in the undergrowth when it comes to company investment plans,
15058 There is a little benefit of such inflows in the case of Pakistan, and much potential risk. As already explained, if these short-term liabilities continue to build, they can constrain monetary policy and generate external vulnerability,
15059 We are fortunate to be in a position to step up to serve our clients, ensure the financial security of our team, and at the same time rise up to serve our community. We are all working together as a family office for all of our clients and to ease the burden for our community. We hope this inspires other organizations to contribute however they can,
15060 People going from stock to bonds or stocks to cash, they're likely causing what will be permanent damage to their portfolio; they're likely not going to go back to stocks until the market's recovered,
15061 Economists have long seen that the pay increases for boomers has always been a little less than expected, given their skill level and given their occupation,
15062 However, it is difficult to dismiss out of hand the conclusion that the incidence of new coronavirus infections has indeed leveled off.
15063 It allows more consumers to tap into mortgages with government backing. These mortgages generally carry lower interest rates.
15064 That's where most of the buyers are,
15065 Singapore cannot imagine a future burning oil and gas and think the rest will switch to low carbon,
15066 But all the adaptation in the world will not be enough if we do not mitigate,
15067 Thankfully Stepaside Garda Station will reopen in the coming weeks!
15068 Road Safety laws remain in force and will be enforced. Drivers must not speed or drive under the influence of alcohol or drugs and they must keep their vehicles roadworthy -- for their own sakes and all our sakes.
15069 a safe public transport system is something all stakeholders should aspire towards
15070 be happy to do so once other matters are resolved.
15071 his unlawful threats and harassment
15072 I need short bursts of power and speed to shoot up a climb, clear a gap, or pump through a rhythm session,
15073 I think people should be preparing a fiscal expansion,
15074 There's no time to do careful cost-benefit analysis
15075 I don't think we should be afraid of getting inflation,
15076 There is a complete shutdown of economic activity across the entire planet... of a type we've never seen before.
15077 It's something the Fed can do very quickly, and the markets understand it well.
15078 looking forward to meeting the committee members.
15079 The setting up of the facility required a collective effort and courage by all our staff, Board of Directors, and our shareholders,
15080 I am absolutely delighted that the African Development Bank provided the leadership needed to push for and successfully negotiate the arrears clearance for Somalia. It was a reflection of the power of partnerships and consensus building,
15081 Given the fast pace of change, driven by the 4th industrial revolution -- from artificial intelligence to robotics, machine learning, quantum computing -- Africa must invest more in re-directing and re-skilling its labour force, and especially the youth, to effectively participate.
15082 We are committed to quality infrastructure and ensuring that no one is left behind!
15083 It will also create opportunities for industrial wastewater treatment and waste-to-energy generation.
15084 We feel some sort of special mission that we need to be the stability, we need to be the safety net for those children, and we want to make sure they're not lost in this tough climate,
15085 [ a ] t some point between the ages of 25 and 60, over three quarters of the population will find themselves in the top 20 percent of the income distribution.
15086 Capital outflows from the stock exchange were the results of geopolitical risks and rising market uncertainty caused by the new coronavirus,
15087 keep a close watch on global and domestic economic developments in utilizing an accommodative policy mix space,
15088 It does not mean that every one of these [ permit holders ], every month, goes out to buy a new firearm.
15089 one will not be punished or humiliated for speaking up with ideas, questions, concerns or mistakes.
15090 Our national challenge is to detach from the lost decade (the last decade) and make Argentina a contributor to a stronger Latin America,
15091 This experience for most of us is unfathomable. There's a great deal of uncertainty and people's minds are whirring,
15092 We cleared 60 jobs last night that involved significant damage, which is a fantastic effort. We have teams out again today dealing with the remaining jobs. I would like to thank all of the surrounding units that sent teams to assist as well.
15093 we think we do have the tools that will be able to achieve
15094 establishing a continuous dialogue between theory and empirical research, with the purpose of using rich micro data to confront the predictions that distinguish our theory from other growth theories.
15095 At the end of the day, there are some things that are bigger than football, and I think all of us have some adapting to do during these times,
15096 But experience has shown that whatever cost savings result are generally not shared with consumers.
15097 depends to my mind on just how much damage is done during the time that the economy is shut down,
15098 I recall hearing (BBC commentator) Christopher Martin-Jenkins on radio saying, `Surely someone, somewhere, could come up with something better,' and I realised that it was a mathematical problem that required a mathematical solution,
15099 The semi-lockdown with serious travel restrictions exacerbates the near-term damage significantly,
15100 For now, markets are in panic mode,
15101 Even a bad-case scenario would not warrant a permanently lower valuation for equities anywhere close to what markets are currently pricing in. Unfortunately, even the huge monetary, fiscal and regulatory policy response on the way across the western world is no obvious circuit breaker in a medical emergency. We need more clarity about the course of the pandemic first,
15102 These are aimed to close so many tax loopholes which have been weakening Indonesia's position to collect its taxes,
15103 We have look at whether the Chinese government will be able to really control and cope with this confidence problem in terms of handling the coronavirus,
15104 It allows policymakers to focus on domestic issues.
15105 It's been a little stressful with all the information coming in and not sure what to expect or how this will affect our families or coworkers and the community. I've been taking it one day at a time. We're well prepared now, we have a plan in place for everything and we know where to go if we have questions.
15106 None of our food comes from China, but that doesn't matter to diners. I don't know what motivated the scare. A lot of it is misinformation,
15107 One of the real questions I think we face is can government incentivize mitigation rather than disincentivize it?
15108 We are pleased to have enhanced TIM's control and supervisory system by creating a separate body whose members will include two highly regarded professionals as Giuseppe Pignatone, who will be its chairman, and Professor Carlo Piergallini,
15109 We need an independent state figure that's not the government who can guarantee this data will eventually be deleted,
15110 By drawing too much attention (to consumer price movement), the BOJ might not be able to achieve economic and financial stability,
15111 I think the biggest factor is fear,
15112 It is a miscalculation in the immediate run. It creates a lot of investment problems. Outsiders looking at India may not know about contemporary history. They see problems with the police and in civil society, raids on university campuses.
15113 The Gregorian calendar is a business inconvenience, as its quarters of unequal length cause earnings to fluctuate and stocks to be more volatile. With consistent 91-day quarters every year, my Hanke-Henry Permanent Calendar would eliminate this problem,
15114 The insights we generate based on their spatial big data will allow us to inform public policy that protects all people from the emerging climate change crisis,
15115 We have seen through two World Wars and come out the other side stronger than before,
15116 The issues that led to the suspension of our partnership two years ago have been addressed,
15117 There haven't been many issues with our imports. If anything, we've seen some slowing down on bringing in the product on our end due to port closures. We work with the Los Angeles and Long Beach ports and they are closed two to three days a week. This means that there's been some delays on getting the product out of the containers.
15118 There is no poverty of ambition around anyone working in this sector, at whatever level, to make real inroads.
15119 People are clearly worried and understandably so. This is something that we've not encountered before.
15120 Our health service is used to managing infections and would assure the public that we are prepared.
15121 We document that the frequency of `no' votes by the Big Three is less than half and close to one-third of the frequency
15122 denotes little knowledge of the substance of these issues and of the complexities.
15123 If you tax people who work and you pay people who don't work, you will get less people working,
15124 Just as the U.S. cycle lagged behind the global cycle during 2018 and 2019 with the U.S. economy slowing later and by less than the rest of the world, we expect global growth to trough out and rebound earlier than U.S. growth this year,
15125 Low stock prices represent an opportunity for corporate mergers and restructuring,
15126 not the traditional strengths of the European Union.
15127 We will feel that the UK is no longer in these debates about industrial and competition policy. There will be pressure to become more `protectionist' and the UK's absence will make a difference at the margin,
15128 One erroneous belief is that people become homeless because they have mental illness and substance abuse, and that's just not the case,
15129 We're in the middle of a snow drought.
15130 Without fresh escalation, investors cannot maintain a heightened sense of geopolitical anxiety. The recovery of U.S. shares yesterday set the tone for today's rebound in Asia and Europe,
15131 These are very sharp moves,
15132 One of the things we're going to have to change, in order for us to be more resilient, is some kind of sense of civic duty, of civic responsibility,
15133 Leeds cannot rely on luck to avoid serious flood damage forever
15134 if the water had have risen in the river just a few centimeters more we would have been devastated in exactly the same way, because we still do not have the flood defences that we were promised and that we need
15135 Of course, the children of the parents lucky enough to own multiple homes will probably benefit from that so there's a generational and a class divide.
15136 Satan attacks who God is.
15137 The sandstorm was the day after we arrived, Sunday, so we had to stay in the hotel then. Holiday from hell, honestly.
15138 We're going to be digesting this for awhile and until the data becomes less worse, we're going to have lumpiness in trading around these shock-and-awe numbers,
15139 Wouldn't it be ironic, now that we have a substantially more diverse student body, if the kids of those graduates all of a sudden didn't get the legacy advantage that the rest of the people in their dorms did when they were there,
15140 And kids get tired of toys.
15141 For most people, I'd say just stay the course and focus on the long term, not the short term, because we can never predict the short term,
15142 We are excited to take this first step to commence business operations. Our management team has significant experience in the e-cigarette market. As we previously disclosed, we have been evaluating opportunities within this market because of our experience and we believe that this particular opportunity can provide tremendous value for our stockholders in the future.
15143 If there is anyone to ask about working out or getting big quick [ Johnson ] is the right person to ask,
15144 Management is closely monitoring the situation with the outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) and is ready to act depending on the development of the situation.
15145 The federal government is expected to announce the stimulus package soon in a bid to boost the economy following the fast-spreading outbreak,
15146 The nation will see the prices falling down soon,
15147 We saw it at the end of last year,
15148 It is vital that production can be undertaken in a way that respects planetary environmental boundaries,
15149 Look, Beethoven took lessons from other composers.
15150 The Trump NLRB takes this moment to publish a rule that will make it harder both for workers to unionize and to keep unions they have,
15151 What the US needs is massive support to small businesses to cover wages and maintenance costs during shutdown,
15152 If anything, I expect the discussion about inequality to be even more robust in the aftermath of this crisis.
15153 Terrific day for Tesla and well deserved because they innovated with a product that many of us really love.
15154 particularly any of our companies that have a physical element of their business
15155 I see massive money printing coming down the pipe.
15156 I think it would be a good thing, if nothing else, if the principal and the superintendent visited the preschool programs,
15157 Look, you've got one of the most powerful commodities in the hands of two of the largest superpowers in the world, and they are not agreeing on it,
15158 The Evolution of Technological Substitution in Low-Wage Labor Markets,
15159 The state of California, and the nation as a whole, face enormous environmental risks today that didn't exist 20 years ago, and we as a society haven't found the will to address them squarely,
15160 To our astonishment, it was not only suicide that was rising among middle-aged whites; it was all deaths,
15161 a payroll tax cut makes little sense in this circumstance, because it does nothing for those who can't work.... Trump should shut the hell up.
15162 Given the energy circumstances we find ourselves in, which is a highly polarized situation, the project is well-timed,
15163 Shale production will decline, and the myth of `explosive growth' will end,
15164 The clean (environmental) dimension is the pressing issue of the day. But that would get trumped if... you have to worry about where you get your energy from because you've been cut off.
15165 I would rather build a warehouse with a few guards
15166 Ideally, the authorities want to see a gradual increment of at least 0.5 ppt of GDP in revenue each year. Achieving sustained progress in revenue mobilization, especially with elections approaching, has traditionally been a challenge.
15167 There's a risk that [ the decision ] can embolden prosecutors to pursue these cases,
15168 Things are going to improve in the second half of the year. It doesn't have to entail that we are in a downward spiral.
15169 We understand some can't go. We will keep residence halls open,
15170 There is a lot of uncertainty. Even though we have this initial trade agreement, I think there will be more trade wars after the (U.S. presidential) election.
15171 Most economists agree that fiscal policy is currently the most important tool for dealing with the crisis,
15172 We must get rid of the cobwebs in our mind
15173 CFOs and CEOs are more aware and aren't likely to take on the risk of just ignoring it,
15174 I could have got a hat-trick. It was a dream come true against the best team in the world. Going to Anfield is what it `s all about,
15175 I have no impulses really to think that we need to do anything with our policy stance different than what we are today.
15176 I want you to keep them happy and content,
15177 Nobody will criticise it, because it is needed... [ or ] the economy is going to be in trouble.
15178 I was taken to the NFC police station where I was made to sit on the ground in bitter cold. The other students with me pleaded with the cops to take me to a doctor as my condition was serious but they did not budge.
15179 There has been a huge surge in women trying to access midwives who provide community-based services, so that's the private midwives,
15180 When people go out and come into the store and try to buy what is obviously a two year supply, it's like, show a little consideration for your neighbors. Because you're not going to use that all in the next two months. Leave that for some other people.
15181 everybody's got to be working
15182 have made significant sacrifices to ensure that we are able to continue to serve and support our customers
15183 I don't open up to people easily, but he understands me well despite the fact that I am an introvert. He knows everything about me and we are very honest and transparent with each other.
15184 Scotland will apply to rejoin the European Union as soon as we have secured our independence.
15185 There was an expectation that they would be grim. This was on a scale that was not even conceivable until two weeks ago.
15186 Where there is good internet service available, you can do free Wi-Fi,
15187 With the EIB's contribution we can help even more private homeowner and owners' associations in making their homes or housing complexes more sustainable. Since the foundation of the NEF in 2014 the number of awarded energy-saving loans has been growing steadily; we expect this growth to continue in the coming years.
15188 stand ready to provide liquidity if it dries up on the market,
15189 There is mounting evidence of sharp declines in tourism, supply chain disruptions, weak commodity demand and falling consumer confidence,
15190 The world economy is in its most precarious position since the global financial crisis,
15191 We have production levels dropping on the order of 25 to 30 percent across all of the countries.
15192 The idea is that those individuals will then swap currency so that those who are investing in Zimbabwe are able to give them a domestic currency and they use the foreign currency, which they are bringing in for investment, to pay those who are exiting,
15193 In Command Agriculture, wherein there is a Government guarantee, and the farmers get their support from CBZ and Agribank, the scheme is working well,
15194 The priority is not to worry about dotting the Is and crossing the Ts of fiscal rules but to do what is necessary for the economy and the public.
15195 That should be a temporary hit although the longer the economic lockdown lasts the greater danger there is that the future potential of the economy will be scarred by significant business failures and the difficulties the unemployed have getting back into the labour market.
15196 The public finances are much more vulnerable to nasty inflation and interest rate surprises than they were.
15197 In some ways it's like a wartime situation,
15198 When the fire is large enough you spray the water and worry about it later
15199 This government has taken some decisions which are historic, including one the big decision of freezing the budget of Pakistan Army,
15200 Upon advice of [ Department of Health ], all national and regional activities involving learners and/or teachers requiring travel and congregation of various schools, divisions, and/or regions are suspended,
15201 We have been advised to take care with exposing our children to crowded places. So right now the policy is for temporary postponement of all these activities because we'll be drawing in learners, teachers, as I said, family members, from all regions for these athletic meets, talent festivities and so on,
15202 But we are very hopeful considering the developments in the way this crisis is being treated, na bumababa na ang level of mortality and it's being contained.
15203 We look at this as a breathing space and opportunity to catch up with what is lacking to clean up and so on; and also to encourage local government to really comply with the law and answer positively in the call of the President himself,
15204 We are really on a whole different scale,
15205 If you're frustrated, just take a break and come back to it. It's just really important,
15206 As long as we do the policy right, we should get a pretty strong recovery,
15207 an illustrative survey for which Mr. Heath showed his versatility by composing segments that caught the spirit of the various periods.
15208 I was prepared to convince the Swiss authorities that it was KWAP money. However, Najib did not agree to this,
15209 If the Olympics get canceled it's a good idea for Airbnb to think seriously about putting off their IPO
15210 Iran has been a founding member of IMF, with very good record. And it is expected from this international body to do what [ it ] is expected to do. That request is now in due process. Many countries have expressed their support for this,
15211 It doesn't matter what the wives and the journalists say, what they went through together you can't underestimate.
15212 I joined a band, so doing it with our kid and with Bonehead and the lads years ago was what I was into, was how I envisioned it,
15213 And it's definitely gon na happen.
15214 I regret not seeing her until now - 20 years is a long time. That must have been terrible for her.
15215 A lot of people, say, `Oh, he's desperate,
15216 How's the wedding planning going? (sic)
15217 I can't [ choose ] they're both fantastic chaps.
15218 Me n Rkid (brother Noel Gallagher) have been self isolating for 10 years c'm on a couple of months ain't fucking hurt LG x.
15219 Best band in the f *** ing world... live forever
15220 It would be like stopping blood flowing through Japan's economy,
15221 It's essential that we shorten the time to recovery. This package provides urgent support to businesses and their workers to reduce the financial and economic impact of the spread of COVID-19,
15222 In light of #COVID 19, this AM @KGeorgieva (Kristalina Georgieva) & I jointly called on official bilateral creditors to suspend debt payments from @WBG_IDA countries,
15223 We are working to strengthen developing nations' ability to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic and shorten the time to economic and social recovery. The poorest and most vulnerable countries will likely be hit the hardest, and our teams around the world remain focused on country-level and regional solutions to address the ongoing crisis,
15224 What the World Bank is doing is developing a fast response based on developing countries' needs.
15225 Legal rights for women are both the right thing to do and good from an economic perspective. When women can move more freely, work outside the home and manage assets, they are more likely to join the workforce and help strengthen their country's economies,
15226 The World Bank is currently restructuring existing projects in 23 countries, many of these through the use of contingent emergency response components,
15227 It is an interesting development. The African Development Bank is keen on projects that help in regional integration and poverty alleviation,
15228 Our country was partitioned so that they (those who left) can live happily there (in the neighbouring country). We did not push them out. But having gone there, you (illegal immigrants) again want to come back. I am saying if you come back bring a portion of land also.
15229 The Congress and the Left are creating ruckus in West Bengal as they know well they have no chance of winning elections here,
15230 Demanding citizenship for Muslims is illogical. They cannot be persecuted in Islamic countries. Even if they are, like the Shias in Pakistan, they go to Iran and not India. Those fearing persecution for their thoughts and ideologies, too, don't wish to stay in India,
15231 JNU can never improve until it closes for two years. Uneducated and unqualified people were deliberately inadmitd there under the congressional government. The rent of the hostel is 10 rs per month and students are as old as 35-40 years old and fail every year. JNU students have only one goal: to get a place to live on the Delhi campus and travel around the country and participate in socialist programs,
15232 We know where the Muslim population is large, there is always trouble.. because the Islamic ideology says so,
15233 the next steps of IMF's engagement with Argentina
15234 Prime Minister Khan and his government have swiftly approved an economic stimulus package aimed at containing the spread of the virus and providing support to affected families and businesses,
15235 The coronavirus outbreak hits all layers of the population, has had an impact on each and every single business regardless of their size, and paralyzed each and every household regardless of their wealth,
15236 significant benefits from moving into digital currencies,
15237 stands ready to mobilize its US$ 1 trillion lending capacity to help our membership.
15238 We have just doubled access to our emergency facilities, which will allow us to meet the expected demand of about $100bn in financing. Lending programmes have already been approved at record speed for over 20 countries, with many more to come.
15239 But we expect recovery in 2021. To get there, it is paramount to prioritize containment and strengthen health systems-everywhere. The economic impact is and will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be,
15240 Our forecast of a recovery next year hinges on how we manage to contain the virus and reduce the level of uncertainty,
15241 Our target is to triple what we do for these countries,
15242 leading the way in the region and in the continent,
15243 We will massively step up emergency finance as nearly 80 countries are requesting our help.
15244 This is a beautiful description of the world we want,
15245 For the analogy to stop right there and go no further, acting together in a co-ordinated way is absolutely critical.
15246 quickly disburse $50 billion through its emergency financing facilities
15247 There may be a cut that we are still hoping would be in the 0.1-0.2 percentage space,
15248 This time, the crisis is to a large extent the consequence of needed containment measures. This makes stimulating activity more challenging and, at least for the most affected sectors, undesirable,
15249 If you look at the financial sectors, you have stress there, particularly with non-bank financial corporations. We have seen a tremendous weakness in the credit growth, business sentiment as there appears to be quite sharply an increase in risk aversion in lending in the markets. Alongside that, there has been weakness in rural income growth.
15250 targeted to receive cash transfers, wage subsidies, and tax relief
15251 In October, we described the world economy as a synchronised slowdown with escalating downside risks that could further derail growth.
15252 Such events alongside rising geopolitical risks and intensifying social unrest could reverse easy financing conditions, expose financial vulnerabilities and severely disrupt growth,
15253 To me, the market seems to be more driven by liquidity than anything about the coronavirus... but it's also like we saw with the U.S. confrontation with Iran,
15254 I do think that this is a relief rally and sort of the mirror image of the knee-jerk sell-off that we saw last week.
15255 universal health care is not a matter of economics, it's a matter of soul.
15256 As chief economist you... realize how lonely some of the [ national ] leaders are.... They cannot open up with the operations division with whom they are negotiating for money, but some of them will open up with the chief economist where the interaction is more advisorial,
15257 Once this is behind us, we have to use this as a lesson to build a stronger future.
15258 Bills aren't being paid on time, businesses are in trouble and that is impacting market sentiment.
15259 Having a broader, more diverse profession gives a better profession in terms of what we study, how we study, and how smart we are,
15260 The current situation has a few superficial similarities to the Depression: A very sharp decline in output, more unemployment, stock market coming down. But, basically, it's a very, very different kind of animal,
15261 if we don't get the public health right.
15262 I'm really happy that Ontario Teachers' is part of this partnership and I think it is a sign of good things to come -- hopefully more with Ontario Teachers' -- but also with other pension plans across the country, as well as international investors, who are looking at Canada with very favourable lenses and are looking for opportunities to invest in new infrastructure developments,
15263 President Moi's abiding charisma was best exhibited in 2002 when he oversaw an unprecedented smooth transition of power as he proceeded to his retirement,
15264 seems certain to have a significant effect at least for a quarter or two
15265 ... longer-term Treasury yields have risen substantially over the past couple of months since the FOMC initiated this round of asset purchases. I believe that this increase in Treasury yields likely reflects a number of significant factors, including incoming information suggesting a somewhat stronger economic outlook and the fiscal package that was announced by President Obama in early December and approved by the Congress about two weeks later.
15266 This is a huge, unprecedented, devastating hit and my hope is that we will get back to business-as-usual as quickly as possible,
15267 This is a huge, unprecedented, devastating hit.
15268 The slow capital expense is because of the government being stuck in revising a number of laws this year. In such context, the government will speed up the capital expenditure from the very beginning of the next fiscal year,
15269 The virus can't survive without a host,
15270 Roads, bridges, and other infrastructure involve outdoor work that allows for social distancing.
15271 That was why I explained that we were buying stocks.
15272 It allows companies to plan for the future as they don't need to fire employees, particularly with the government backstop.... I call it the rip-the-Band-Aid-off strategy.
15273 does not work in an 18-month shutdown,
15274 We've invested $2.5 billion beginning in the last 12-13 days and we've been buying all the way down, so we are voting with our feet if you will.... We think the President is correct, we think Mnuchin is correct, they handled this virus correctly and they shut it down and the economy will come roaring back but you have to give the business community, the investment community the confidence there is an end date
15275 We are committed to making the U.K. the safest place in the world to be online, alongside being one of the best places for technology companies to be based.
15276 I actually think that some of the mistakes we've made and the work we've done to try to fix those mistakes is serving us right now,
15277 What I would do if I wasn't afraid is try to be the Facebook CEO and grow this business and say I'm a feminist.
15278 Here's what we do: We take your information and we show you personalized ads... [ to give you ] a much better experience.
15279 All of those opportunities are growth.
15280 will hinge on whether the recent survey upturn translates into an improvement in the real economy.   These are still early days,    Carney said. Most economists think Britain's economy will have done well to grow more than 1% last year, which would be the lowest yearly rate since the recession ended a decade ago. The bank isn't expecting anything better over the coming two years, as it downgraded its growth forecasts for 2021 and 2022 to 0.8% and 1.4%, respectively -- partly reflecting its view that Britain's departure from the EU is economically damaging. If there   s no sign of improvement from an anticipated flat fourth quarter, interest rates could be cut soon, not least because inflation, at 1.3%, is running at its lowest annual rate since late 2016.   Policy may need to reinforce the expected recovery in growth,
15281 If there is no action, we will be in a climate emergency.
15282 There are those who will be out front in the transition and those who lag. And that  s different than a binary green-good, everything else brown-bad,
15283 In the coming weeks, the MPC will watch closely surveys of business and consumer confidence -- including intelligence from our agents.
15284 For a period, life's going to be tough.
15285 reduction in financial stability.
15286 (As) the deficiencies of the international monetary and financial system have become increasingly potent. Even a passing acquaintance with monetary history suggests that this centre won't hold,
15287 Activity is likely to weaken materially in the coming months
15288 Big business has long been enjoying a tax haven in Seattle and Washington State,
15289 We need a powerful socialist movement to end all capitalist oppression and exploitation!
15290 Let's start 2020 with a bang and help begin a new decade of working class power.
15291 didn't offer what we needed in at left-back
15292 India and the US have been a victim of terrorism. Coming together of both countries is bad news for terrorists and good new for peace lovers,
15293 It is a catastrophe that is unfolding,
15294 It is a very difficult situation and Taliban must honour their commitment. We need to see reduction in violence,
15295 Again, NATO allies are very concerned about Iran's activities in the region. And the NATO allies condemned -- and have condemned many times -- attacks on coalition forces by Iran and supported groups [ in Iraq ]. And that criticism, that position, was reiterated by many allies in the meeting today.
15296 NATO, though, is in Iraq at the invitation of the Iraqi government and will only stay in Iraq as long as we are welcome because NATO respects Iraq's sovereignty.
15297 I call on them to stop their offensive, to respect international law, and to back U.N. efforts for a peaceful solution,
15298 The effects of the crisis will not be stable -- won t be the same for all allies at all times,
15299 Overall, the message from the poll indicates there is strong support for NATO from all our members.
15300 The President asked the Secretary General for NATO to become more involved in the Middle East,
15301 Today we decided to direct our top commander, General Wolters, to coordinate the necessary military support to combat the crisis, to speed up and step up assistance,
15302 a flagrant violation of Iraqi sovereignty
15303 For years all [ Nato ] allies have expressed concern about Iran's destabilising activities in the wider Middle East region,
15304 a clear sign of solidarity with Turkey.
15305 We have made enormous progress, but Daesh can return.
15306 highlighted the importance of critical industries and infrastructure
15307 We need to understand that the fight against Daesh is not over,
15308 defeating our common enemy,
15309 It's so much larger than anything we've encountered before,
15310 Keeping in mind the situation in the country and the new situation in the region and after consulting with the rest of the opposition, and in order to send a unified message, we (PPP) have decided not to press these amendments,
15311 Recent experience suggests the impact is quite low,
15312 readying a plan to overhaul everything in basketball operations.
15313 This isn't financial. This is not some obtuse thing on a screen. Schools may close. I may not be able to get pasta or oatmeal.
15314 But this president? He's not going to do that.
15315 Millions of job losses are likely in coming weeks, particularly for households that live paycheck to paycheck,
15316 A huge service-sector recession is coming, and we're talking about more than 10 million jobs at risk that are often low-wage, low-benefit, or tip-based.
15317 Prices are going to come down,
15318 to work figuring out the best, cheapest, most efficient, least intrusive way to reduce carbon use.
15319 single biggest reason why U.S. emissions peaked in 2005 and why U.S. emissions are down substantially since 2005.
15320 The present economic situation is awful,
15321 You should spend as much as you can in a targeted way on things like unemployment insurance, nutritional assistance, paid leave, and help for states,
15322 too dependent on [ Russian President Vladimir ] Putin.
15323 much better than the government.
15324 We looking at something pretty serious here -- probably 10-15% unemployment.
15325 We never know what will create the next global recession, but the fear created by the coronavirus is a strong candidate.
15326 We've had to carry out painful reforms -- made the exchange rate market-based, which led to massive devaluation and inflation particularly in energy products, and food inflation even more so, but we've been firefighting to ensure that the more vulnerable segments are brought into the social safety net to mitigate the impact of macro adjustment. The likes of Ehsaas Programme [ to address inequality ] and Kamyab Jawan [ to provide opportunities to the youth ] are prominent examples,
15327 After the payment errors were identified, the (Tribal Council) and I went to work on multiple fronts to protect the nation's assets,
15328 Because they have a very different culture and they have developed so quickly there is a natural unease. That is where we think we can play a big role in building that bridge through football. China can get an understanding of what we are about and Australians can get a better understanding of what they are about.
15329 Frankly, no one tells me what to do,
15330 judged by the steep descent in the dollar's value as measured against other currencies in the ensuing months, there can be no denying that the plan worked.
15331 I would bring my own perspective, but I think the intellectual diversity strengthens the discussion and would be welcomed, so that's what I would hope to bring,
15332 From research and development to employment to simple revenue, the companies funded by venture capital are a major part of the U.S. economy.
15333 I have nothing but praise for Disney,
15334 It is an unbiased form, which serves the purpose of an initial contract and doesn't victimise either party. It asks producers to honour confidentiality, respect copyright and do away with redundant clauses,
15335 suspend financial guidance going forward until both the impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic becomes clearer.
15336 I was exceptionally proud of my members -- we had six teams in the field until just after midnight,
15337 Especially now we are looking for ways in which we can remain connected to our faith and our community. Many of our parishioners have prayed together while apart, in their homes at the same time, and some of our prayer groups are planning the same strategy,
15338 The contribution from the Africa Solidarity Trust Fund presents a timely opportunity calling upon all African countries and resource partners to support the outbreak through the ASTF platform,
15339 Locusts do not wait, they will go wherever they want, and they will destroy anything they want,
15340 transition to high growth was not a chance development. It was achieved by deliberate policy steps taken by those who had conviction and belief in the need for change. Changing policies in a country as complex as India has to go much beyond making declarations of intent. It needs an open society where businessmen and other stakeholders are free to criticize the government and draw attention to whatever is not working. It needs a team of technically skilled professionals with the ability to understand economic issues offering honest advice to the political class. It also needs a political class that can combine the unavoidable compulsions of adversarial politics with working towards building consensus on the broad direction of economic policy
15341 global money-printing orgy going on,
15342 In some sense, phase one was made possible by the recognition that China wasn't willing to move on the big, structural issues,
15343 Some pharmacies have increased prices to between 70 and 100 rubles (US$ 1.10 to US$ 1.60) whereas a mask would sell for 1.5 rubles before the New Year,
15344 We are producing up to 100,000 test kits per day,
15345 The market is very tight, and what we are seeing is international prices, when you translate them back to Australia, they are below $7,
15346 Market shares for NBN services have continued to shift as customers living in metro areas generally stay with their same provider when migrating from and cable services. As a consequence, Telstra's share of NBN access services was less than 50% with potential for this trend to continue as the NBN rollout is completed.
15347 We know that consumers are frustrated with the cost of parking at the airport, but there are steps people can take to help secure more favourable rates,
15348 This is not what Australians expect at this time of crisis,
15349 The ACCC brought this case because it raised important issues regarding the alleged conduct of a private hospital operator with a substantial degree of market power seeking to deter new entry, and what constitutes permissible competitive conduct in these circumstances,
15350 But it's important to recognise that newer entrants and smaller businesses are often hit hardest in a crisis, and they will need support to survive.
15351 We have received a number of urgent formal requests for authorisations from many sectors of the Australian economy,
15352 You can't keep behaving as badly as this and not expect consequences.
15353 This is the time to support businesses. To enable businesses to recover once the restrictions are lifted, we have to help the people who have been hurt and the ones who have been laid off,
15354 While a sustained bear market does not look likely, a near-term correction is looking much more probable.
15355 the cash yield (shown here as the dividend yield plus the buyback yield) in equities remains far above the yield on risk-free bonds,
15356 In a normal recession, you want to boost demand,
15357 It's hard to take anything in (your) stride when it feels like we're stumbling about trying to figure out what's going on,
15358 They're still cranking this stuff out.
15359 If you're a supply chain professional, this is called the bullwhip effect,
15360 through August, September and October.
15361 really determined to finalize this season,
15362 We're going to see the worst of COVID-19, it's going to throw its best punch over the course of the next few weeks and then we're going to be on the back side of that,
15363 Aggregate demand is falling off a cliff; we need to bring out an aggregate demand bazooka. We need to get cash into people's hands.
15364 I hope it inspires more research and that more organizations will partner with us to study [ these issues ],
15365 It's actually hurting production chains.
15366 Trump has extracted some concessions from China and other US trading partners but at a significant cost to the US economy and with an erosion of the US's international standing as a trustworthy and reliable trading partner.
15367 moderate growth, but not great
15368 At some point, the virus will be contained and our economy and our financial markets will recover.
15369 judgement about the benefits from a further reduction in interest rates against some of the costs and risks associated with very low interest rates.
15370 At its meeting today, the Board decided to lower the cash rate by 25 basis points to 0.50 per cent. The Board took this decision to support the economy as it responds to the global coronavirus outbreak,
15371 until progress is being made towards full employment and it is confident that inflation will be sustainably within the 2 -- 3 per cent target band.
15372 progress is made towards full employment
15373 an event, not a trend
15374 not stop the path of change
15375 we should see the growth returning
15376 A little more than two years ago, when [ Government of India ] raised some tariffs, as an eternal optimist, I took the view that this was an isolated action driven by a bureaucrat steeped in socialist-era thinking. But a disturbing pattern in trade policy has emerged since then. Not only have tariff increases continued, licence permit raj-era protectionist vocabulary also has had a comeback.
15377 We went through this during September 11th and the Great Recession when the airlines had trouble,
15378 We've been calling for more investment in towns for years so it's welcome that the Government has finally admitted we need more investment. But this announcement shows they still don't get it.
15379 sick ideas have drawn in young extremists in the UK and elsewhere, and have helped nourish a dangerous culture of unprecedented depravity amongst the extreme right, which has none of the moral constraints that previous generations of far-right activists had
15380 ensure Y2K compliance of mission-critical systems within their control
15381 Invisible Americans: The Tragic Cost of Child Poverty,
15382 It is expensive for him to be in Blantyre. If government officials want to see him, they have to go to Blantyre which is expensive,
15383 It's amazing how quickly you can move if you're working with the right people.
15384 Let's look at the real lives beyond the statistics. Let's hear their voices, let's feel their aspirations.
15385 Last year 17 African countries grew by 3-5% and 20 countries grew by 5% and above. Indeed, six of the fastest-growing economies in the world are in Africa. Foreign direct investments to Africa grew at 11% last year, far exceeding the 4% growth in Asia
15386 Our government is working hard to recover the economy, which was on the brink of collapse. We want to focus on economic diversification, with agriculture as the main driver,
15387 Responsible employers can apply these workforce principles and guidelines to better balance short-term crisis measures against the medium - and long-term objectives.
15388 The $2T CARES Act is nothing like big enough,
15389 Access to credit and liquidity, the passing of the U.S. fiscal package, and the slowdown in the spread of the disease are the three things we need to see for a recovery. This is one of the three from the Fed, but it's a big one,
15390 At worst, gross hiring might have dipped a bit, though the strong recent payroll numbers cast doubt even on that idea. Layoffs remain at their lowest, as a share of the workforce, since the data were first collected on their current basis in 1948
15391 Now that hit has been absorbed and activity is trending higher, following the surge in mortgage applications late last summer,
15392 We are very proud to partner with the incredible team at Penn Medicine, who are tirelessly working towards this by identifying immunity in our brave doctors and nurses. Joel has been a leader in highlighting the urgent need for this kind of testing -- David and I thank him for his leadership in this area and are excited to join forces with him. Our medical workers are on the frontlines of this crisis, have been hit hardest by it and need all the help and support we can give them. We have rough days ahead, but with collective action like this, together we will make it through.
15393 funneled a fortune into the storied crabber, hoping the new and improved Cornelia will help them beat the Russian and American competition to the dock. This season, they plan to work their crew even harder, including a new crew member who proves to be their secret weapon: Maria, a 25-year-old Alaskan native who has spent most of her life working on boats. She certainly shows the guys more than a thing or two.
15394 We need guys to vote,
15395 Accordingly, the number of intense hydrometeorological disasters could increase by 5.4 percent annually for an `average' country facing nearly one extreme disaster annually,
15396 You are looking at more disasters that others haven't seen,
15397 foreign economic terrorists & invaders.
15398 The protests will be spearheaded by Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) representing 70 million traders and 40,000 trade associations,
15399 I imagine that the things that these students discover will lead to new questions and, maybe, new funded spin-off projects. We have seen that happen before with undergraduate research leading to new research areas,
15400 There are many reforms still to come. Crucially, the financial assistance we announce today is absolutely conditional on these reforms being implemented. This is not a bailout by any standard.
15401 I am now confident that the new board is committed to delivering the necessary governance reforms and ensuring that a stronger association emerges for the good of Irish football and all those who love it.
15402 Fianna Fil was much easier to negotiate with.
15403 If the government delivers on its promises to make the new system quicker, more efficient, less bureaucratic and more user-friendly, it could be good news for employers and the wider economy,
15404 Sustaining these gains requires further deepening of policy and institutional reforms. Competition policy is a key tool that can be used to contribute to sustained and pro-poor economic growth,
15405 The sarcasm. This is iconic.
15406 Cheers to the resistance.
15407 There is a protocol to follow but let us not forget it is the people who voted for them and they are supposed to be serving them,
15408 Unless a vaccine is discovered quickly, it is unlikely that there will be any riskless or painless course of action,
15409 We are absolutely delighted that he will be joining us for the first half of the season as we look to compete and win matches in Division One. Matt's ability to lead the attack, and his proven ability to take wickets in English conditions, make him a really exciting addition to our squad,
15410 We can't believe that things like the weather will take care of it. If that was the case, the virus wouldn't have spread to tropical places like Singapore and Philippines,
15411 We feel that this is extremely important in order to protect our entire workforce and our patients,
15412 I'm not a fan of the top-heavy organizations with lots of money coming in and very little actually going out to help people.
15413 may amplify the adverse impact of shocks to the global economy
15414 That's my motto: `Better safe than sorry! '
15415 The GDP growth rate in Bengal is 10.4 per cent (double the national rate) while industrial growth rate is 3.1 per cent. Unemployment has also reduced by 40 per cent by creating 9.11 lakh jobs in 2019-2020.
15416 Radical reductions have taken place in funds for the schemes for agriculture, health, education, SC-ST, and together they constitute a reduction of 8.9%. This tells that the government has no vision about the social infrastructure.
15417 In fact, the country is passing through a period of stagflation, high inflation coupled with low growth
15418 There is a drastic reduction in allotment in the fields of health, agriculture, education and development of SC/ST communities. The (central) government does not have a vision (of) what the social infrastructure is,
15419 you may not be helping them by offering more loans.
15420 For far too long, our country has leaped from one highway funding crisis to the next and failed to implement forward-looking solutions to the challenges facing our transportation sector. America's Transportation Infrastructure Act will ensure that every community reaps the benefits of strong federal investment, with safer roads, cleaner air, greater mobility and more connectivity.
15421 The majority leader has found the time to schedule votes to confirm lots of nominees,
15422 The resident's aides and defenders have claimed that it is `normal' or `usual' to use U.S. foreign assistance as the president did to achieve a desired outcome. How was the president's act in withholding U.S. security assistance to Ukraine different from how the U.S. uses foreign assistance to achieve foreign policy goals and national security objectives?,
15423 The SAFE vehicles rule, if finalized in its present form, will lead to vehicles that are neither safer, nor more affordable or fuel efficient,
15424 I can't say for sure, but I believe the two were connected,
15425 The macroeconomics of automation: Data, theory, and policy analysis,
15426 The way in which countries help or do not help each other can shape perceptions of European integration for a long time to come,
15427 The whole point of a democracy is that people need to have confidence in it, so even if things look a bit dodgy that's enough to warrant another look.
15428 There is so much fear and tension we don't sleep at night,
15429 This is of particular concern when the range of non-conventional measures brings monetary policy closer to the realm of fiscal policy and the institutional effects of these policies are becoming more pronounced.
15430 Viruses respect no boundaries and no borders,
15431 They came out and played hard and I give our guys a lot of credit. It was kind of a game of runs.
15432 We can transfer passengers on each other. We are the only Middle Eastern carrier going into their hub so there is huge opportunity,
15433 Inflationsgefahren wrden nur dann bestehen, wenn die Produktion durch Corona ber lngere Zeit unterbrochen wird und gleichzeitig staatliche Konjunkturprogramme die Nachfrage sttzen.
15434 the German economy seems unaffected by developments surrounding the coronavirus. The survey results and other indicators suggest economic growth in the first quarter will amount to 0.2 percent.
15435 Just because you observed something doesn't mean it was caused by the monument.
15436 People want to have a sense that there is a limit to the spread of this virus perhaps because of containment measures or because there is hope that some kind of viral solution can be found,
15437 They went on a rampage for hours, attacking students and faculty, entirely undisturbed by the police. While the identities of the attackers remain unclear, what is clear is that many of the attacked were activists, and neither the government-appointed administration nor the police intervened,
15438 The government should also require each of its agencies and public sector units, including at the state level, to pay their bills immediately, so that private firms get valuable liquidity,
15439 The number given by the World Bank and IMF in terms of the changes are way too optimistic because even if we lose one month's output, we are talking about pretty negative rate of growth and that is what should determine how we respond,
15440 The government must use its strong mandate to deliver expeditiously on reforms, which will enable the economy to strongly rebound in 2020-21.
15441 ... there are also export figures, consumer goods figures, tax revenue figures... what we do (referring to his paper Validating India's GDP Growth Estimates) is take all these indicators and then look at a previous era of slowdown -- 2000 to 2002 -- and what you find is that even though the GDP growth was around 4.5 per cent all these indicators were positive,
15442 So the number we came up with Rs 10 lakh crore (Centre and states combined) or 5 per cent of the GDP,
15443 after-dinner speech is a two-part affair, in which part one celebrates the virtues of unimpeded competition and dynamic structural change, while part two mourns the decline of the family and community `values' that were eroded precisely by the forces commended in part one.
15444 Firmwide revenues were over $10 billion for the fourth consecutive quarter, resulting in record full-year revenues and net income. This consistent performance met all of our stated performance targets.
15445 If There Is No Unity...
15446 If those countries can use the East Asian approach to contain the epidemic, they will come out without disaster,
15447 Nobody was able to do anything, except to say they couldn't do anything.
15448 If you are sick, don't travel. If you have flu-like symptoms, wear a mask and see a doctor. And when you travel wash your hands frequently and don't touch your face. Observing these simple measures should keep flying safe for all,
15449 on principles rather than dollar amounts.
15450 Sport won't be available to provide people with a diversion; if a section of the community can get a bit of enjoyment from watching the races, I would say that's not indulgent. People do need some other things to focus on other than just the terrible burden of COVID-19.
15451 That was such a strange and jarring thing to hear as a kid,
15452 Really anything that would be asked about the show, I wanted to have an answer for, or any fear that a buyer would have I wanted to be able to address,
15453 did not want to misrepresent a real person or borrow from a specific moment in an actual person's life.
15454 The increase is just 0.4 percent, but the monthly improvement was the second straight and the eighth this year, despite all the trade war uncertainty caterwauling.
15455 Thanks to the new November final numbers, U.S. core capex turned positive again year-over-year,
15456 The phase one deal is only an interim agreement between China and the US. In fact, to push for negotiation in the next stage, the US will keep existing tariffs on imports from China unless the two countries manage to reach a phase two deal,
15457 There are whole hillsides that have not showed any sign of growth, nothing on the ground even,
15458 This means financing at better terms and longer duration, which can help pay off more expensive debts and create a more sustainable debt management process,
15459 The primary balance will correspondingly worsen from a surplus of GH 2,811 billion (0.7 percent of GDP) to a deficit of GH 5.6 billion (1.4 percent of GDP),
15460 When people feel they do not have control over a risk, the emotional response is even more amplified,
15461 Almost half of the victims suffered from at least three prior illnesses, and about a fourth had either one or two previous conditions. More than 75 per cent had high blood pressure, about 35 per cent had diabetes and a third suffered from heart disease.
15462 Congress should compel Trump to waive the cap and compel him to get the supplies we need,
15463 That's something you could probably do very, very quickly. With digital infrastructure, you're basically filling in. You have rural areas that don't have internet access, but I think the biggest part would be ensuring, say, everyone in Philadelphia, New York and Chicago has great internet service at an affordable price. It's not a question of drawing up blueprints and going over environmental regulations.
15464 He followed her to her lawyer's and shoved her lawyer who in turn called the prosecutor,
15465 If you do that, you will be building a more secure and stable society and a large number of youths will not be roaming around seeking alternatives to employment, such as risky migration, drug addiction and crimes,
15466 For him, the world did not end when you buried him. For him, the world is just carrying on. It is your responsibility to take it to the level he wanted,
15467 Science is not prophecy, it's about understanding the natural world and I understand the natural world; it's about understanding the way things work in nature,
15468 The French are impatient, and by that I don't just mean the government,
15469 We expect, even with the cuts coming from OPEC +, we think at least the first half of this year, we will see a surplus of 1 million barrels per day,
15470 Playing Russian roulette in oil markets may have grave consequences,
15471 Low energy prices will make the economics of energy saving less attractive due to cheap oil and gas, and this will definitely not be good news.
15472 No oil company will be unaffected,
15473 India is the world's third-largest consumer of oil, the fourth-largest oil refiner and a net exporter of refined (petroleum) products. The rate of growth of India's oil consumption is expected to surpass that of China in the mid-2020s, making India a very attractive market for refinery investment,
15474 If there is enough volume to be imported and if they are looking at the geographical advantage of India, with lots of demand centres and production centres with enough volumes, [ then the country ] should be a good candidate for becoming a gas hub. But it shouldn't be if the volumes are not significant.
15475 bedrock of efficiency and renewables.
15476 Well, good afternoon, everyone!
15477 changing our production and consumption habits towards cleaner and greener,
15478 I also like the obelisk that seems to make an ironic gesture to the great tradition of vain brazen images, like the Ozymandias immortalised by the poet Shelley.
15479 it was Governing Council's view that the balance of risks does not warrant lower interest rates at this time,
15480 we continue to closely monitor economic and financial conditions, in close coordination with other G7 central banks and fiscal authorities.
15481 If inflation were to fall short of target for an extended period, faith in the inflation target anchor would be eroded.
15482 These things will take some time to set up. These are complicated
15483 Though the High Court noted that the issue might be better resolved in Congress than in court, the decision must echo a warning to all policymakers that to alter the current order where marriage is just between man and woman is not only legally troublesome but absolutely unnecessary and just a waste of time. The confusion, disorder and disarray that might be created by altering the man-woman order on marriage will far outweigh any iota of advancement, if there's any, promised by those wishing to change it,
15484 A Chequered Brilliance: The Many Lives of V K Krishna Menon
15485 All of your politics,
15486 Building on our long history of public-private cooperation, we hope that hosting this consortium will catalyse the conversations necessary to inform a robust framework of governance for global digital currencies.
15487 So what we are doing now is to put much more emphasis on this, creating platforms where a business can co-operate with governments and civil society.
15488 especially the question of whether projects would have gone ahead without this private funding,
15489 Force planners on the Central Military Commission are faced with this question: Can China recruit the talent needed to develop a PLA that is both big in size and high in quality? The range of possible answers to that question is likely to shrink as China's demographics begin nibbling away at the PLA's capability.
15490 It is not about the business world and individual companies doing this in isolation; it is about creating an ecosystem of business, governments and communities that work together towards the goal of the circular economy and the fundamental drivers of reusing, repairing and recycling.
15491 Monetary policy can ease financial conditions and improve the resilience of households and firms to the short-term economic implications of Covid-19,
15492 While the Committee would like to see inflation expectations anchored closer to the mid-point of the inflation target range on a sustained basis, the lower inflation forecast and improved risk profile opens some space to provide further policy accommodation to the,
15493 must be a republic and tax this arrogant fool
15494 pitches for besuited young fogeys looking for career advancement
15495 The tools available to the authorities are somewhat limited,
15496 There's evidence that being out in nature is good for us psychologically,
15497 As a researcher, I believe I have an obligation to put out data when the data point strongly to a conclusion that can have enormous -- potentially disastrous -- public consequences if ignored,
15498 He is the founding father of our Research Centre,
15499 All in all, economic growth this year could come in slightly lower than our experts estimated in December,
15500 It's disappointing that the party hasn't encouraged women MPs to take part.
15501 landlords, through turnover of long-term tenants, are able to increase rents to market levels that are higher.
15502 Ours is probably the most important house currently for sale on Carbon Beach,
15503 Partners have made significant sacrifices to ensure that we are able to continue to serve and support our customers. The measures that we have announced today are in recognition of their hard work and commitment and are part of a wider package of support available to help partners during this extraordinary time. I want to extend my continued thanks to every partner. It is a privilege to be their chairman.
15504 pull back the curtain on the shadowy world of private equity and its role in the management and mismanagement of our economy.
15505 We already knew a lot about P.E. buying up doctors' practices,
15506 They put me in a straitjacket.
15507 I cannot imagine, however, why the court would approve the death sentence on this sorry record,
15508 Our music meets the listener at least halfway, and together musician and listener share an intimate, `in the moment' creative process. This is jazz. This is music. This is love. This is life.
15509 Todd regrets what happened,
15510 We're a team that's building, and I don't know why he'd really want to come to the Dolphins,
15511 We are grateful for all the contributions our awardees have made to society and the Adventist Church, and it is our privilege to honor them with this well-deserved recognition,
15512 We've been hit by what is almost an alien invasion. It's a natural catastrophe,
15513 You don't have enough money to buy stuff and the government makes a transfer to you, that's great-but not if you're hiding under the bed.
15514 How can global growth not take a long-term hit?
15515 often involves having a government at war with itself, caught on its back, very often before an election.
15516 A sharp slowdown is likely; whether it will be persistent enough to rise to the level of a recession is not clear yet,
15517 Jim, we are dealing on Elway. We are halfway there. We have halfway to go. Make sure you are ready.
15518 This type of behaviour needs to be called out. Wetherspoon's shabby treatment of its workforce is being shown up by this crisis like never before.
15519 This was very much within a working environment and culture where we do whatever it is that the First Minister asks of you.
15520 Some are exaggerations that are taken out of proportion, and I think that impact of some of the publicity of the last 18 months might have led some people quite innocently to revise their opinions and say, `Oh well something happened to me' and it gets presented in a totally different way. Then people get in a sausage machine and can't get out of it, even if they want to.
15521 his private parts on top of me
15522 Some, not all, are fabrications,
15523 He was the most powerful man in the country and I didn't know what would happen if I said `No' or `Get off' .
15524 I felt quite uncomfortable taking them off.
15525 We do not have what we need to protect these healthcare workers. They are not fighting a foreign enemy, but a foreign virus -- and they are getting sick in big numbers because we have not been able to provide it.
15526 We thank the board for acknowledging Gerald's leadership in training the next generation of journalists, both locally and in China, and for being a tenacious public watchdog,
15527 Africa cannot afford not to achieve the Global and Regional Goals because it is the region that would suffer most from such a failure -- food insecurity, extreme poverty, and lack of access to clean and modern sources of energy would persist. This would undermine prospects for job creation for millions of youth joining the job market,
15528 It's a little bit like, when you discover sex can be dangerous, you don't come out and say, there should be no more sex,
15529 Our pupils and staff are all huge coffee and hot drink fans, so we thought why not create something in the school for everyone to enjoy.
15530 It often goes unnoticed when governments and public servants roll up their sleeves and tackle red tape, but this hard work has such a big impact that we think it's important to recognize it,
15531 Flexible and part-time work are important factors helping women to maintain their labor market position following the transition to parenthood, but need to be combined with efforts to reform organizational cultures to truly accommodate them.
15532 So I'm making them a superstar.
15533 We've already have unprecedented levels of deaths of despair, and, if we lose a generation as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, that's going to have mortality consequences,
15534 Between 1965 and 2015, the percentage of prime-age U.S. men not in the labor force shot up from 3.3% to 11.7%.
15535 Companies are trying to be cautious by locking in money while they can get it. And I understand that. We are in an environment where there are a lot of uncertainties.
15536 have the aptitude to make productive use of educational resources, that are usually much in excess of what they and their families could pay for
15537 not just to produce students who earn a lot of money but to produce students who make the world a better place through invention, scholarship, and social enterprise.
15538 I believe in America, and I believe in black people,
15539 Since the 1980s, governments have been told to take a back seat and let business steer and create wealth, intervening only for the purpose of fixing problems when they arise. The result is that governments are not always properly prepared and equipped to deal with crises such as Covid-19 or the climate emergency. By assuming that governments have to wait until the occurrence of a huge systemic shock before they resolve to take action, insufficient preparations are made along the way.
15540 The long-term health of our business is a function of our consumer demand for unbelievable storytelling and our product,
15541 We can't stop this recession, but we can buffer as much as possible and what we really gain is on the other side of the recession -- the recovery,
15542 WE KNOW WHAT TO DO. DO IT NOW.
15543 Answers to a dizzying array of scientific questions in many disciplines such as biology and medicine (biorhythms, ornithology, chronotherapy), geology (paleocurrents, paleomagnetism), and ecology (wind-direction), just to name a few topics, come from data which is in the form of directions in two, three and higher dimensions,
15544 As such, both the near-term and long-term gold outlook are looking far more constructive, and we are increasingly confident in our 12-month target of $1800/toz.
15545 Being long gold is a better hedge to such political risks,
15546 When fear sets in and policymakers debase the fiat currencies like they are now, the cost of holding gold relative to holding other currencies declines.
15547 Google began its business in Canada in 2001, when our office in Toronto was opened with one salesperson,
15548 We're pleased with the growth trajectory of Google Cloud Platform, which we see in customer momentum, the growing size of the average contract, and revenues
15549 We continue to be very focused on the benefit from better measurement, better ad delivery, better user experience,
15550 I wish for humanity to survive this deceptively friendly coronavirus. I expect China to tell all -- the raw truth -- so every nations' scientists and doctors, not just our hero Dr Anthony Fauci can use `open source' data and find a vaccine as soon as possible,
15551 If the economic quarantine is extended for over six months, then there will job cuts that feed more job cuts.
15552 There are a few possible reasons rates aren't lower,
15553 All the incoming data will also be off the chart for a few months,
15554 If they don't have the bracelet, they can't go to a restaurant or to work,
15555 That's what we economists call the fiscal gap.... What you have to do is look at the present value of all the [ government's promises from ] now through the end of time... all projected expenditures including servicing the national debt. And [ then ] you subtract all the projected taxes. The present value of the difference is $222 trillion.
15556 That's the fundamental misunderstanding and modern portfolio theory is to blame,
15557 They don't even have to be the fancy ones, whatever anybody has, we're willing to take. We've had some people in the past build some nice dog houses out of wood - we'll take them. As long as it is a dry shelter with a wind barrier that the animal can get in, we're happy to take it,
15558 If a... single currency is used, there would be a common inflation rate and similar interest rate, a considerable growth in trade, productivity and finance integration, all of which would generate a considerable increase in economic growth and well-being.
15559 In seafood and fish, everything is private. So to actually look at indicators and anticipate any collusion or any criminal behaviour is very difficult to do,
15560 It's about the quality. I think of it that way,
15561 Salmon is probably the most popular species in retail, so that could be problematic for the industry as a whole,
15562 It's readily available, it's cheap, it's everywhere, so we are addicted to plastic, really,
15563 My main concern is that once you get into ethnicity and religion, and drag those two topics into a political agenda, you are asking for trouble,
15564 The communist gov' ts censorship and lies have simply made a bad situation worse.
15565 protections for the U.S. auto industry, which most economists are not in favor of,
15566 They are well known to most of us and I can tell you that the challenges are enormous.
15567 We probably have to take some chances with some of the young guys, but absolutely,
15568 Well, it's very hard to filter through that and it's been unfortunate. We expected to manage minutes and all of that stuff for our players but we've had some bad luck, but other teams had bad luck, too, and you've got to work through it,
15569 EPS hai jhoothi, cash flow hai saccha; loan jitna kam ho utna hi accha; byaaz he baja na de band company ka
15570 I can remember the quaint days when I was being yelled at because we had a $400 billion deficit and I was the CBO director. It doesn't look so bad right now,
15571 I hope it works. It's designed sensibly on paper. Now we have to get the money out the door,
15572 I do think we could spend a lot more time thinking more broadly about this and talking to futurists and so on.
15573 I knew there was a need but imagined it to be a small weekly group but it has grown and grown.
15574 It is very hard to move retention rates, so this is gratifying,
15575 MeRA25 believes that there is no other personality that better symbolises unity
15576 should not fall into the trap of new economic development strategies. Such strategies are often anti-labour and against the interests of the common people.
15577 The Netherlands' ambitious targets for renewable energy generation require more investment in the transmission network.
15578 You have to think about rethinking competitive markets, and you have to think about how you're gon na tax at the top.
15579 It's encouraging and an area for focus,
15580 So while we have a funding shortfall in our courts budget, which must come from taxpayers, we will be able to do more in some other areas of policing without impacting property taxpayers,
15581 I'm sure there will be no disputes whatsoever on council that we need to have that training, but it's good to know,
15582 testimony of a negro whore and a Jew detective.
15583 Both the magnitude and duration of the economic effects of the virus are highly uncertain,
15584 We will get through the coronavirus at some point,
15585 For the first time in history, the U.S. team is ahead of AT&T and Verizon,
15586 The new T-Mobile would today have a market cap of $120 billion,
15587 He might be leaving the tough decisions to the governors so he can take credit for everything.
15588 Many studies have confirmed this for Africa, including a number of studies that show the lasting effects of droughts on health (nutrition) and education, leading to an intergenerational transmittal of poverty. Similar studies have shown how conflict leaves the survivors stunted, as well as with fewer years of schooling.
15589 not a suit of armor that protects you against change.
15590 We will inform everyone about the relevant actions being taken to close the border in the Far Eastern region and other measures being taken by the government.
15591 I won't take part in it because I don't want to neglect my flowers. If I don't come, they dry up and die,
15592 If Italy goes bankrupt, the economic shock in the rest of Europe will be several factors larger
15593 If you were to project that number globally, given we have 150,000 confirmed cases, we are approaching close to one million infections,
15594 That's definitely a Super Bowl first,
15595 The fans are actually going to be able to ask questions of some of the players and coaches that are going to be here as part of their interview session,
15596 We feel good where we're at today. Is there a lot to get done between now and Sunday? Yes,
15597 The smaller, better capitalized community and regional banks stepped up and expanded their lending. The big ones retreated.
15598 It is unusual, but it's not ugly.
15599 At times like these, you don't worry about budget deficits. You don't worry about who's going to pay for it. You just need to get it done.
15600 Datteln-4 should not go online at all,
15601 how long does it take a hotel in Tramore or a manufacturing company in Limerick to recover to where they were in February; to transition from the series of income and wage supports the State is providing?
15602 I remember thinking what an amazing and fascinating thing it is to think about the impact of competition,
15603 Many of these cars are about fun time -- they're not daily drivers, but toys to enjoy in your spare time,
15604 Thank you so much. Keep doing the great work that you do.
15605 The trees exhibited a clever response that allowed them to work around the loss of isoprene and arrive at the same outcome, effectively tolerating high temperature and drought stress.
15606 In this crisis, humanity shares a single fate, and to achieve victory, the world must come together to affirm global co-operation, and prevent an `outbreak' of blind xenophobia.
15607 Such a significant increase in federal borrowing would also elevate the risk of a fiscal crisis,
15608 The bottom line is Maryland can't solve this problem alone.
15609 The disappearing large-firm wage premium
15610 The plan is to have two warm-up fights, then go for the Commonwealth title,
15611 they typically are not providing true lifetime income,
15612 This could induce another financial `wave' that we need to prepare for by maintaining relative macroeconomic stability.
15613 This is truly cataclysmic. If companies can't refinance their debts they trade insolvent and it's all over red rover,
15614 We will be watching very closely how firms and households respond to Brexit developments,
15615 ... the ECB is ready to do whatever it takes to preserve the euro... And believe me it will be enough.
15616 Central Government hereby decides to prepare and update the Population Register and the field work for house to house enumeration throughout the country except Assam... between the 1st day of April, 2020 to 30th September, 2020
15617 I like very much the idea of getting a safeguard in place right away because, like most people, I worry about what happens when the next downturn comes,
15618 Privacy was the price one must pay for the abundant rewards of information, connection and other digital goods when, where, and how you want them,
15619 strong increases in average basket size
15620 Sleepy, Charlotte...?
15621 The CD&RR continues to transition technologies from the JMR-TD [ Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator ] effort to the FLRAA weapons system design. We will be conducting analysis to refine the requirements, conceptual designs, and acquisition approach.
15622 We will be conducting analysis to refine the requirements, conceptual designs, and acquisition approach,
15623 What they can do is to make sure companies don't get starved of liquidity and needlessly go out of business rather than tying themselves over this horrible, but short-lived, situation.
15624 I don't think we should blame RBI or finance ministry for Yes Bank crisis. For Yes Bank crisis, Yes Bank is responsible,
15625 I tried nearly 20 hotels, but they all said no.. So, finally, I went to the local police station for help. They kindly offered me a room in a government rest house,
15626 Such listings also enable companies to diversify their capital-raising activities rather than being reliant only on their domestic market. In addition, Indian start-up or emerging-growth companies, for example, will be able to access capital from investors overseas that may be more receptive to their securities than Indian investors, who have typically focused on companies with proven track records of profitability and growth, and have generally exhibited less appetite for start-up or emerging-growth companies,
15627 These are not appropriate solutions to the scale and the dimensions of the problem,
15628 When we were able to arrange these N95 masks -- over a million of them -- I thought it would be great if we could do something to actually complement Governor Cuomo's great leadership in the state,
15629 You think about the people who live day to day... you got to get the economy going again.
15630 And of course in China, with a command economy, they can really put resources behind the cure and the solution. So I don't think it will be as long as people expect.
15631 because it's the rate they use in calculating the penalty for breaking a mortgage,
15632 most of the 5G-related activities could be delayed until the pandemic situation improves,
15633 to host an in-person celebration sometime later, once we know it is safe to bring people together again.
15634 We're going to need to be thinking about the immediate term, the medium term, and the longer run.
15635 With the sanctions, we can say that the government has lost at least 30 percent of its budget revenues. This has inevitably had an impact on their health system,
15636 I was writing in 2000 about the beginnings of a shift to what we now call superstar locations,
15637 increased social conflict and xenophobia,
15638 The government continues to monitor and take more steps as estimates show that the cases may peak in April and May.
15639 a climate in which people are comfortable being themselves.
15640 Can I just take shelter here for a moment?
15641 People who switch organizations -- whether they're wide receivers changing football teams or general managers going to new companies -- all face similar problems. It's not just about the learning curve. Moves of all kinds entail significant internal and external challenges and transaction costs: upheaval in your home and social life; potential relocation expenses; adjustments to new cultural and political norms; navigation of unclear expectations; and the need to learn a new canon, skill set, and jargon.
15642 Trade policy is becoming just another political tool for many different policy ends, such as economic diplomacy, geopolitical influence or environmental policy,
15643 By decreasing the extent to which people use e-cigarettes, you decrease quitting of conventional cigarettes,
15644 In some spots the fire was pretty hot and that could spall off the layers of limestone on the surface, especially if trees fell over and burnt after the fire front,
15645 It's important that our staff and officers now engage with the Liaison and Diversion teams in the custody suites to better understand their work and support with ongoing investigations.
15646 we need to flatten both the virus curve and the recession curve. So this would be a good start. But if the virus persists we may need far more stimulus.
15647 Among the biggest contributors to the rally, as I see it, is the hope that 2020 could finally see institutional investors move into the digital field en masse, prompted by growing client demand and more attractive ways to get exposure than direct ownership of coins,
15648 He was only responsible to the Supreme Leader [ Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ], so he was somebody who operated completely outside the control of the elected government,
15649 I hope it helps to educate the students about what these public institutions stand,
15650 If people do not get sick as often, then business will benefit with lower health insurance premiums,
15651 The football world will have to reorientate itself providing the right lessons are learned,
15652 it is encouraging that all regions have improved
15653 Now is the time to keep people home and think of ways to help them pay the bills. The solution will have to come from the state, and it is going to cost a lot,
15654 The chief mistake of the small investor is they buy when the market goes up, on the assumption that it's going to go up further, and they sell when the market goes down, on the assumption that the market is going to go down further.
15655 To bridge the gap by attracting investments in the sector, the country must introduce bond, blended and remittance financing.
15656 We are concerned consumers may have purchased tickets believing many of these advertised high profile players would be playing when, in the end, this was not the case,
15657 Anything that further entrenches Bunnings' position, or attempts to remove current or potential future competitive threats to Bunnings, will be very closely scrutinised,
15658 This is not helping Australia.
15659 There is just no easy answer to this,
15660 In the end, only four players from the 35-man squad, Harrison Barnes, Kemba Walker, Khris Middleton and Miles Turner, played in the games.
15661 That may prompt consumers to ring up the hotel they're thinking of going to,
15662 Does Bob Hope do it? Does Bing Crosby do it? Does Mick Jagger do it?
15663 It is hard to explain to people just how well thought of he was in our party. He was everything,
15664 At some point that information, that (sic) facts and that evidence will see the light of day,
15665 I'd also like to thank the court service, who have been courteous beyond limit over the last two weeks and to the police officers who've manned this trial under these extraordinary circumstances.
15666 I felt like his behaviour had turned a bit and he was titillated by the situation. It was clear he wanted me to kiss him back. At this point I started to feel scared,
15667 When your best defence is `I'm sleazy, not criminal' , it's nothing to smile about.
15668 sole intention of waking her up in a gentle, not abrupt way
15669 But it is clear we alone cannot achieve the change we seek.
15670 My position as Chancellor is best described as impotence assuaged by grandeur
15671 Our ecological footprint has expanded far beyond what the Earth can sustain. Our social systems are cracking. Our economies no longer drive inclusive growth,
15672 people feel it's a difficult time. They are irritated.
15673 the continued indiscriminate airstrikes by the Syrian regime and Russia in Idlib province.
15674 It is extremely important for us that ISIS (Daesh) never returns,
15675 This is a critical test of the Taliban's willingness and ability to reduce violence, and contribute to peace in good faith,
15676 Any attempt to distance Europe from North America not only weakens the trans-Atlantic bond, but it also risks dividing Europe.
15677 It is important we establish all facts... I call on Iran to contribute to an investigation,
15678 continue to patrol the skies and to defend our borders and we continue our missions and operations not least in the fight against terrorism, because these threats continue to exist,
15679 It  s tried and tested, we exercise it, and it  s institutionalised, and it is the ultimate security guarantee for Europe.
15680 African countries have an infrastructure gap of between 68 billion dollars to 108 billion, which could be adequately addressed by utilising the 1.8 trillion dollars accrued pension and sovereign wealth funds.
15681 We have invested in the Kigali Institute for Science and Technology that is providing world-class training in ICT at the Masters level in collaboration with the Carnegie Mellon University
15682 That way, we will avoid moral hazards, and ratings agencies will be less inclined to penalise any institution on the potential risk to their preferred creditor status. The focus of the world should now be on helping everyone, as a risk to one is a risk to all,
15683 If inflation remains below or close to target, it may be appropriate to adopt a lower target over the medium term, provided that this change is carefully implemented and communicated. Coordination with fiscal policy would also be key, including to ensure that a lower target and related tightening of money supply would not crowd out private-sector credit.
15684 the risks of even more serious consequences are great.
15685 For the first time since the Great Depression, both the advanced economies, emerging and developing economies are in a recession,
15686 It is important not to put restrictions on export on certain items by manufacturing countries,
15687 The first two-quarters of India came in weaker than we projected. One sector where we are seeing the most stress is the financial sector -- the non-bank financial corporations. We have seen a sharp decline in credit growth and a weakened business sentiment. All this led to the revised numbers.
15688 Domestic demand has slowed more sharply than expected amid stress in the non-bank financial sector and a decline in credit growth,
15689 interact in complex ways. Policymakers are providing unprecedented support to households, firms, and financial markets, and, while this is crucial for a strong recovery, there is considerable uncertainty about what the economic landscape will look like when we emerge from this lockdown
15690 In 2019, U.K. assets have done well as risks have receded,
15691 Initially the things we hypothesised healthcare workers needing were grocery shopping, cooking, food, dog walking and babysitting children,
15692 It's going to cost more than we are spending today. That is a fact and a reality and something we have to own up to,
15693 The state must explore potential options for in-person voting opportunities for a limited number of our citizens to ensure that we are demonstrating that democracy can still flourish in the midst of a public health emergency,
15694 In the Senate, we are working to video stream floor sessions and voting sessions, which we would not have normally done,
15695 I believe deeply that this is a once in a generation moment to do something truly meaningful to set the next generations up for success in a globalized world,
15696 one of the biggest negative jobs numbers that we've ever seen.
15697 should be raised or at least maintained when slowing demand from the masses is a leading cause behind the economic slowdown,
15698 So right across those metrics it feels like we're becoming a bit less dynamic. I worry about that for the longer term.
15699 I'm not able to provide you with an updated set of economic forecasts, the situation is just too fluid, but we are expecting a major hit to economic activity and incomes in Australia that will last for a number of months. We're also expecting significant job losses,
15700 For some time now, households had been gradually adjusting their spending to the slower trend rate of income growth,
15701 This discussion is taking place between the Reserve Bank and Treasury and in the international forums I go to with other central bank governors -- it's something we talk about a lot,
15702 I fear that our economy is becoming less dynamic,
15703 If you accept the proposition the effects are profound, then it's going to affect asset values,
15704 The banking system is well capitalised and is in a strong liquidity position,
15705 Absent the virus, the outlook in Australia was improving,
15706 Australians should feel proud of our banknotes. They are innovative and contain world-leading security features that keep the banknotes secure,
15707 In most economies, including the United States, there is an expectation of further monetary stimulus over coming months. Financial markets have been volatile as market participants assess the risks associated with the coronavirus.
15708 our communities and our financial markets are both having trouble dealing with a rapidly unfolding situation that they have not seen before
15709 Climate change is affecting the nature of production in Australia, the nature of investment, ultimately the nature of our exports, at the moment I think it's affecting confidence in people and therefore ultimately spending,
15710 We are not going to see much job hiring and the reality is we will see quite a few job losses,
15711 That was something we didn't do years ago, but one thing we learned is it's very hard to define `imminent harm, '
15712 People across the globe are stepping up, rising to the enormous challenge in front of us,
15713 We're in a different phase now,
15714 be removed from control of Facebook
15715 We are a large, established business. We have the ability to help, and now we are both really focused on keeping our services up and running, but also doing as much good as we can do.
15716 The case for greater fiscal powers includes the use of tax changes (cuts) to promote certain economic sectors and the possibility that linking decisions about spending to ones about taxing would improve accountability and the quality of decision-making,
15717 The manufacturing recession continues,
15718 We had been expecting a modest first-half pick-up after the... trade deal, but the coronavirus and the seemingly endless Boeing debacle has killed that idea.
15719 The recent jump in Treasury yields, despite more carnage in the stock market, can't be allowed to continue as economic activity collapses,
15720 It's hard to overstate the geopolitical importance of Friday's assassination of Qassim Soleimani, architect of Iran's external military activity for more than 20 years and perhaps the most powerful man in the country after the Supreme Leader,
15721 The reported number of U.S. cases continues to rise sharply, and further dramatic-looking increases are inevitable as testing is ramped up, and the virus continues to spread Given that testing is not universal and most people with the virus don't need medical attention, the only way we'll know for sure that the outbreak is over is when the number of deaths begins clearly to fall. The number of deaths is still rising rapidly,
15722 wasn't a coronavirus story
15723 Pre-virus, the labor market was strong, if weather-assisted. Now, trouble is coming, fast.
15724 Their lockdowns are more recent than Italy's and it will take longer for progress to emerge,
15725 In one line: Worse-an order of magnitude worse-to come,
15726 What stops the fear is evidence that the rate of increase of infections is slowing -- believable evidence,
15727 This is actually a prescription for better health,
15728 California's Accounting System Cost Taxpayers $1.1 Billion And Still Can't Produce A State Checkbook,
15729 depressed valuation, understated near-term earnings and the potential for significant future earnings growth per share.
15730 These are the bargains of a lifetime if we manage this crisis correctly,
15731 If they handle this virus correctly and they shut it down, the economy will come roaring back,
15732 These hedges will likely mitigate portfolio losses in severe market declines, while also somewhat reduce the portfolio's upside potential if there is minimal economic or market impact from the virus,
15733 I don't think I'm alone among central bankers who like the idea that much,
15734 We want people to understand that we're on the job and that we're going to stabilize the economy.
15735 Our knitting does include financial risk,
15736 appears to be outpacing our ability to build new homes, which can put renewed pressure on prices.
15737 We need to stop the clock, allow our medical experts to combat the virus, and then restart the economy afterward.
15738 member of the expert advisory group of the United Front Work Department.
15739 My publications include not just on statistical theory and methods, but collaborative publications in top journals in geology, biology, economics, etc.
15740 No matter how you look at GDP, we can see the shrinking.
15741 One thing we've learned in the crisis in 2008 is that policy is a lot more than the sum of its parts if it's done as a global response,
15742 People are pulling back spending appropriately to save lives... the things we can't let slip, like necessities, like rent, it's essential that those things remain in the economy,
15743 this recession will exacerbate existing inequalities by race and ethnicity.
15744 Shutting down one of those plants would compromise the food security of many Canadians,
15745 Buying food is like voting,
15746 Before, consumers went [ grocery shopping ] to buy a finished food product for that day or the next couple of days,
15747 There's a legacy there that needs to be recognized,
15748 You cannot protect the knowledge of a recipe.
15749 The government of Japan continues to show unwavering support towards the health sector with particular emphasis on Harare Children's Hospital given their support with the Canadian government in the construction of the particular hospital in 1998,
15750 We want to make sure we do everything to stabilise the Zimbabwe dollar,
15751 The government is committed to paying our civil servants a decent salary and you know when you negotiate, there are disagreements. At times that is normal, but we are expecting to reach an agreement with them in a few weeks,
15752 We have a plan, we have resources and we feel comfortable that we will be able to meet the demands for Zimbabweans between now and June and beyond that,
15753 There can be consequences like decreased maternal health and higher mortality, infant mortality, lower baby weights and anemia among mothers as all of this will be unchecked during antenatal checkups,
15754 They're going to be heartbroken and they're going to respond the same way they did to Travis [ Fimmel ],
15755 Let Me Be Your Whiskey,
15756 One thing I've found is that moderation is actually key, and consistency,
15757 This possibility, Australia's first recession in 29 years, will depend on how we react to the emergence of coronavirus onshore.
15758 not going to go back to where it was
15759 Wow, guys. Thank you so much for that reception,
15760 The unlikely events and the financial impact from the coronavirus along with Ford's recent performance, in our view, will result in a suspension of the dividend at the Board meeting in early-April,
15761 Contrary to what people think, the hands are the way that these viruses most efficiently spread. Top of the list is frequent hand washing, hand sanitising, or both,
15762 Avoid touching your face. If you cough or sneeze, it's important to cover your face with a sleeve. Better yet, a tissue to be disposed of carefully, and then sanitizing the hands afterward. Washing your hands and drying them is the best procedure. When that's not easy to do, alcohol-based sanitizer is a good second-best.
15763 I have doubts on whether the 9 per cent interest rate will be effective given the perspective of the market economy,
15764 I teach high school, so if there is not a hum in the background, I'm confused,
15765 I urge Alok Sharma, as the new Secretary of State, to shake off the government's vague commitment to audit reform,
15766 If we hunt these monsters, do we risk becoming them ourselves?
15767 That was the responsibility that weighed on me every night and every morning for years, while writing, producing, editing this show. It is the thing I go to sleep thinking about and the thing I wake up working to honor.
15768 Inventing a fake game of human chess for `Hunters' is not only dangerous foolishness & caricature. It also welcomes future deniers. We honor the victims by preserving factual accuracy.
15769 You think you're a great writer until you meet a great actor,
15770 All the numbers in the show are above 2002000499, which was the last known recorded number. We didn't want to represent anybody's tattoo of a person who actually existed and who actually suffered in the Holocaust.
15771 And so for me this was a love letter to my grandmother. It was a quest to don that vigilante cape in the face of rising antisemitism in the world, racism, xenophobia. It was a desire to shed light on hidden crimes and hidden truths. And it was also kind of a desire to create a sense of catharsis and wish fulfillment for a young Jewish kid growing up on Long Island who wanted to see superheroes who looked like him on screen.
15772 We believe accuracy should be preserved when you talk about the real historical place. `Fictional' is a bad excuse. Respect accuracy and the memory of the victims.
15773 It'd just be a recognition that much of the year has been spent dealing with a first-order health crisis.
15774 Khan's handing of the COVID-19 crisis reveals the limits of his populism, the precariousness of his position, and his lack of experience in dealing with a crisis.
15775 The consequences of letting the disease spread further would be devastating. And Pakistan's initial coronavirus response is already exposing concerning political patterns -- including the powerful army asserting competence over the civilian government -- that will persist beyond the pandemic,
15776 Putting up public money to support an industry that serves the rich would be hard to justify. It's absurd.
15777 So we welcome them stepping up to protect vulnerable customers, at a time when keeping in touch with our friends and families has never been more important.
15778 It's a great privilege to be appointed as chief executive at a time of significant change in the sectors Ofcom regulates.
15779 that's actually the best-case scenario if we have an outbreak like that.
15780 For sure we're not in a better place in my mind because we still have these tariffs on American consumers... They didn't put the boot on China,
15781 They will go after him on issues of climate and he's defense of the sports funding. He will be under huge pressure.
15782 The Labor party will be like a mosquito on a nudist beach. There are so many fleshy issues for them to bite into,
15783 Those top-down point solutions have not been shown to be effective and sustainable,
15784 We anticipate the worst economic fallout since the Great Depression.
15785 We have to assess how quickly action is being taken to contain the spread of coronavirus and how effective this action is.
15786 ready to deploy all our $1 trillion lending capacity.
15787 We, unfortunately, over the last week have seen a shift to a more adverse scenario for the global economy,
15788 8 trillion dollars of fiscal measures and ample liquidity by central banks have helped build a bridge to recovery for companies and households,
15789 The economic impact will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be,
15790 We strongly welcome the decision of the G20 to respond to our call to allow the poorest countries of the world that request forbearance to suspend repayment of official bilateral credit on May 1st. This is a powerful, fast-acting initiative that will do much to safeguard the lives and livelihoods of millions of the most vulnerable people. The World Bank Group and IMF will move quickly to respond to the G20's request for us to support this action by working closely with these countries in ways that make the best use of this vital lifeline. We championed this debt initiative, and we're committed to taking all possible steps to support the poor.
15791 a high priority at both the IMF and the World Bank, in terms of deploying our capacity.
15792 in the context of changes she will be making to the leadership team,
15793 In short: the situation is evolving rapidly, and we should stand ready to provide a more forceful, coordinated response if conditions require it. Along these lines, I welcome the statement from the G7 yesterday (Tuesday) that they are ready to cooperate further on timely and effective measures.
15794 We're on about people going all over the place, but no one seems to be going on about it apart from me.
15795 what Sir Lucian [ Grainge ] has built at Universal Music Group is nothing short of remarkable, and ground-breaking
15796 At the same time fewer people go out to eat and to movies and sports events and concerts. This all has a negative impact on corporate earnings and GDP, and we simply don't know at this stage the magnitude of these effects.
15797 But all this means is that we have comparable population sizes and had a comparable number of deaths in week 12 as Italy had in week 10. We may be on a less steep trajectory than Italy, but it's too early to know yet.
15798 In my view, markets have still not fully priced in the damage from the coronavirus, with some people still talking about V-shaped recovery,
15799 until I see either financial stability issues looming or some indication that inflation is going to pick up strongly. I don't see that now and it is not in my forecast.
15800 Sentiment is friendly and there is an underlying bias to be long. For now, investors wait for fresh catalysts and/or more attractive levels to reengage,
15801 The range allows you to say: When growth is weak, you'd expect inflation to be lower in that range, and when growth picks up, you'd expect it to be higher in that range,
15802 It is likely to be overturned by the courts and subject automakers to years of costly litigation and confusion in the process.
15803 utterly fails to provide any demonstrable safety, environmental or economic benefit to consumers or the country,
15804 While this is a less dramatic rollback than the 0% annual stringency increase that was included in the proposed rule, it still falls well short of the historic average 2.4% per year actual tailpipe-efficiency standard increases that the fleet has achieved without the use of any credits or other compliance flexibilities,
15805 That is something I never expected to see.
15806 Maybe on these days you were planning to visit a shopping centre, pop into a cafe, go to a health resort, but it is important to understand that coronavirus comes from these trips, you get infected in crowded places,
15807 An order has been signed today, it has become operational,
15808 We have agreed with (Russia's biggest bank) Sberbank that starting on Monday, anybody who wants it will be able to download a free app... to consult a doctor for free, Sberbank will pay for it,
15809 The corresponding order was signed today, and it started being implemented. We will properly inform everyone of the measures linked to the closure of the border in the Far East region, as well as other measures by the government [ to prevent the spread of the coronavirus ],
15810 We have been living in conditions of rather low inflation for several years now, so we have a large margin of safety: the Bank of Russia's gold and currency assets exceeded $570 billion, the volume of liquid assets of the National Wealth Fund is estimated at more than 10 trillion rubles, and even at steadily low oil prices this will be enough for many years to compensate for the budget losses of these funds.
15811 One has to be cautious about that because as soon as you change your audience, you change your language and you naturally step into a different realm: the realm of politics,
15812 much more destructive to the economy and to government credit.
15813 this must be balanced against the concerns raised by other stakeholders who described the negative impacts of criminal activity and tax evasion
15814 The hearings raise fundamental questions about not just their independence, but the quality of the Big Four's auditing work, their corporate structure and their role as political players,
15815 the waste and plastics crisis
15816 We think this will be the most effective way to have country programs be successful and regional programs be successful.
15817 what happened will not lose the revolution's [ ability ] to focus on the completion of its tasks.
15818 Rest assured that what happened today will not stand in the way of our transition; instead it is an additional push to the wheel of change in Sudan.
15819 What happened will not stop the march of change and will only be an additional splash in the high wave of the revolution.
15820 If he thinks I'm joining the High Flying Birds but calling it Oasis, he's got another thing coming
15821 snide c ** ts are upto something
15822 love n light to Tom and Lewis from The Kairos
15823 She ain't getting of that lightly ha ha.
15824 How's the plans for the wedding? Hope that won't be affected by it all too.
15825 I just don't think I'll be able to work with myself any longer, I can write what I like and so can he but I think it's for the best.
15826 We were alright, we were better than a lot of shit out there but we weren't pushing the boundaries, we weren't Pink Floyd or The Beatles,
15827 Listen seriously a lot of people think I'm a cunt and I am a good looking cunt but once this is put to bed we need to get Oasis back for a 1 of (f) gig rite for charity. Cmon Noel we can then go back to our amazing solo careers c'm on you know LG x,
15828 self isolating for 10 years.
15829 New York is expected to lose a House seat after the 2020 Census, and state Democrats are looking to draw out @AOC's district,
15830 Gon na be a long 5 more years...
15831 Azar couldn't get through to Trump to speak with him about the virus until Jan. 18. When he reached Trump by phone, the president interjected to ask about vaping and when flavored vaping products would be back on the market.
15832 can have debilitating lifelong effects.
15833 shaped much more by the coronavirus epidemic than by economic fundamentals or shifts in monetary or fiscal policy
15834 The intended presentation of the report is ill-timed, careless and amounts to an extra-judicial gimmick to meddle with, and influence, pending litigation. I condemn this in the strongest terms,
15835 If they insist on their positions we are going to march in protest against them.
15836 No matter which corner of this country we come from, we are a peace-loving people and we look out for each other.
15837 The situation is grave because the coronavirus is unlikely to stabilize soon, and the economy was already sinking,
15838 they'll both say they're doing it incredibly reluctantly
15839 It's conditional, there's some very, very strict conditions,
15840 I predominantly see motorcyclists having single vehicle crashes because they're not properly trained, not because they're necessarily doing something stupid.
15841 However small, just report it.
15842 It's looking to me the only real option at the moment.
15843 on a pathway to a possible solution
15844 UEFA showed an enormous amount of goodwill,
15845 We took the average of the low point of happiness and we got 47.2 and that seemed like a pretty good statistic. I think onwards in my life I'm going to be known as Mr 47.2, but there's worse things to be called.
15846 We were tested yesterday and just received the results a few minutes ago.
15847 It is no wonder, then, that transformational thought and action often take root on university campuses,
15848 Like all of you, I have been intently following reports of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) and considering the many ways in which its future course might alter my life and the lives of those closest to me. These past few weeks have been a powerful reminder of just how connected we are to one another -- and how our choices today determine our options tomorrow,
15849 Consumer spending being 70 per cent of the economy, you are going to have to see it on the consumer side for this to take the US economy down,
15850 Current observations in a world that's so rapidly changing are of little use,
15851 In LB Nagar zone we are developing several junctions and medians as part of beautification projects. We selected Covid19 theme for Chinthalkunta junction to spread a message and remind everyone to wear face mask and are also adopting such themes at other central medians like Owasi junction. Unlike normal days, medians on main roads are progressing fast because of lack of pollution or interventions to their growth. We observe a quick progress in the plant growth; we are trying to add more greenery and beauty to the city public spots,
15852 The bonus this time is Canada has a good young team and there are going to be a lot of returning players,
15853 too quickly and without adhering to proper procedures.
15854 we are totally f **** d.
15855 This crisis will spill over and result in a disaster.
15856 worse than the original... is rising by the day,
15857 We consider Dr Spio Garbrah's comments are a desperate one with no iota of truth and we are calling on all well meaning Ghanaians to treat it with the contempt it deserves,
15858 would be tantamount to stripping off some of the most fundamental and stabilising elements of Tongan society.
15859 From both a policy and from a banking perspective, it makes no sense for us to continue to invest in 20-25 year assets that are going to be taken over by new technologies and do not deliver on the EU's very ambitious climate and energy targets,
15860 Investing in reducing household energy demand will make a major contribution to combating climate change, while also saving on energy bills. The EIB, as the EU Climate Bank, is happy to support these types of projects.
15861 heading into or out of recession, or where we are in the business cycle.
15862 I think we have more important matters to be tackling than micro-managing our gateway signs,
15863 That's how long it's been vacant in our downtown,
15864 Senator, you are getting the authentic Judy Shelton.
15865 Such extreme differences in the amount and quality of testing carried out in different countries mean that official case records are largely uninformative and do not provide helpful information,
15866 Talk about the PA importing Israeli gas is inaccurate,
15867 That would be completely fine to do.
15868 We can open our eyes and look at what's going on around us.
15869 I don't know that that would be consistent for the electorate as a whole.
15870 feels much worse than 2008.
15871 The onus is now on governments to quickly provide substantial financial support to hard-pressed households and businesses. How much economic damage COVID-19 ultimately does will depend on the trajectory of the virus -- and how governments respond,
15872 His policies have not added anything to the economy's performance net-net.
15873 That would have a huge impact on confidence. These are the people who will be hurt most by the virus. They are scared,
15874 Much bigger job losses are coming,
15875 financial system and the broader economy.
15876 Maybe, he should take it offline,
15877 These online applications have an enormous attack surface and while we can mitigate some of that attack surface,
15878 This nonsignificantly lower rate of readmissions is the substantive finding of our trial, but for me, the most important finding is the second one -- that if you just do a pre - and postintervention study, it provides a very misleading picture that suggests the intervention is working,
15879 This will create new opportunities but also greater income inequality and higher unemployment,
15880 We will formulate a safeguard, so that policymakers that are taking measures to improve public health and the economy cannot be criminalized because of the acts of others.
15881 We will consider all incoming aspirations because we don't want to create more burden in the current weak economic conditions,
15882 We've communicated previously that the shirt process is underway and ongoing,
15883 At this point, the analysis has not been done to answer those questions, whether it's racial bias or there are other circumstances,
15884 Disconnection from essentials such as power haunts too many of our households, especially heading into winter. Lifting that threat in the interests of health and safety, in a spirit of kindness, is the right thing for companies to do.
15885 is Trump's own trade policies.
15886 It means that if 100,000 businesses would have gone out of business before, now maybe only 25,000 will. That's actually probably a reasonable outcome given how horrendous the current circumstances are,
15887 Marketing was originally thought of as communications, but successful brands are those that find an open hole in the mind in a specific category and then become the first to fill the hole with their brand name
15888 then it's not clear that monetary policy would have sufficient space.
15889 Everyone knows they need a plan.
15890 climate disclosure must become comprehensive
15891 all necessary steps to support the UK economy and financial system
15892 There will be a longer impact, an acceleration of the process that was already starting. The work-at-home trend was already building, the small towns were already becoming much more cosmopolitan, with more and better coffee places and restaurants, and the big cities were already becoming prohibitively expensive.
15893 You all know that client that in the middle of October of last year called you and said they were nervous about the markets and asked to lighten up equity exposure and then called six weeks ago and said what were you doing with my portfolio, keeping it in such liquid form.
15894 has no issue with the proposed blockchain beyond its name,
15895 I am looking forward to today's extraordinary meeting of G20 energy ministers. I hope that it will help restore some much-needed stability to oil markets,
15896 Rather than compounding the tragedy by allowing it to hinder clean energy transitions, we need to seize the opportunity to help accelerate them,
15897 In that quarter, April may have been the worst month. It may go down as `Black April' in the history of the oil industry.
15898 Despite widespread expectations of yet another increase, our analysis shows that in fact CO2 emissions, carbon emissions last year, stopped growing,
15899 I expect the Treasury 10-year yield to fall to zero, perhaps within two years,
15900 Since then, both have worked out, and the Fed is still whining about inflation being below target.
15901 the predominant economic and technological power for decades
15902 There is no sincerity in the government for these schemes. The funding is hugely inadequate,
15903 We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
15904 We have turned the hot water off in half the hotel and emptied out the fridges to save costs.
15905 Broadly speaking there are three big challenges -- relief is slow coming for bills due now, people are falling through government eligibility cracks, and too much of the relief is in the form of deferrals and loans, which just adds to the fear of coming out of this crisis with a mountain of debt that will be difficult or impossible to repay,
15906 During the 104.3 fever days, when I was on fire and was putting ice cubes in my eyeballs, head and wrists to cool my blood, I rejected Ranju
15907 easier and faster to make onward payments to family members and friends in need.
15908 native talent, the achievements of Advasis have been constrained
15909 If there's no unity, we still have to move on. Whatever is necessary must be done,
15910 the cry of the underpowered
15911 I think the CAA must be scrapped because it cannot be an Act... That's the job of the Supreme Court to see whether what was passed in Parliament can be legally attached to the Constitution,
15912 RBA should stop pretending there's any more it can usefully do
15913 Social distancing is very impossible here,
15914 The decision for Northern Ireland would very much have been made by people here who know how our health service works, know what our infrastructure is like and [ are ] very much across the detail of what will work when the time comes to move into those phases of closing and restricting access.
15915 The risk to the population of NI has not changed as a result of this presumptive positive test result.
15916 Our health service is well used to dealing with such infections and I want to reassure the public that we are prepared,
15917 I told them at halftime, `They are going to punch us with everything they've got here to start the third quarter -- how are we doing to respond?' And we really didn't,
15918 I'd be happy to talk about an exit strategy when we have effective treatments and when we have a vaccine -- we're not in that place at this point in time,
15919 unable to stop himself.
15920 We are very grateful to the Dutch government for their crucial contribution to the AGRI3 Fund. It is time for banks, investors, governments and agribusinesses to join institutions like Rabobank in financing sustainable food and forestry value chains, to save the climate, protect biodiversity, and ensure sustainable development,
15921 We have ample room, inflation is still low,
15922 We have the key interest rates, we have instruments for providing liquidity to the banks, and we have the asset purchase programs,
15923 Such images are hardly conducive to objective debate,
15924 You have the only eyewitness to a murder, so he's an essential witness,
15925 From 2013-14 till now, the Centre has raised cess from six per cent to 18 per cent,
15926 I think it's a long shot at this point,
15927 Now surprise medical bills were out of sight. That's their business model.
15928 People had a very old view of what the corporation was, as a kind of stand-alone, publicly traded entity, free to make decisions on its own,
15929 political fodder for nationalists who favor greater protectionism and immigration controls.
15930 Shashi Tharoor has given an election formula. But in the long history of Congress party, there were only two occasions we had elections. I am totally at a loss to understand why Tharoor made such a suggestion,
15931 Science has moved on. Research keeps moving. Clinical documentation is important. My ears are open, my mind is open. I have a skeptical approach, I am not an atheist. I should point out that there are hypocrites. They sing paeans of the Indian medicine, but turn to the Western medicine, when needed,
15932 In light of the fake news doing the rounds that Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru did not want Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in his cabinet, sharing a series of letters & documents. Here's the truth: 1. Nehru letter to Mountbatten of July 19th 1947 with Patel right on top of new cabinet list.
15933 the Government is adopting double standards by allowing foreign envoys to visit Jammu & Kashmir, but not Indian politicians.
15934 But 1962 is the only lens through which we look at him,
15935 sign of retreat, which the other side has understood very well -- and encourages those who are trying all the time to circumvent the rules,
15936 The answer isn't necessarily to pick a patient-or system-focused approach to reforming health care, but to do both effectively.
15937 The nation will see that soon the prices start falling down,
15938 ECC approved the fiscal stimulus package of Rs1.2 trillion
15939 kaun jiita hai teri zulf ke sar hote tak
15940 I think I cannot make any value addition to the ECC,
15941 In December 2019, the large scale manufacturing output expanded by 16% on month on month basis, indicating that growth is starting to pick up,
15942 To silence the guns we need to continuously focus on building an ecosystem that caters for whole with institutions whose role is to guard against the abuse of any group.
15943 The agenda of securing the peace and the agenda of silencing the guns must be dealt with in a comprehensive manner.
15944 We're going to keep rates where they are, which is basically very close to zero, until the economy is on track to achieve maximum employment and price stability,
15945 Risks to the (U.S. economic) outlook remain. In particular, we are closely monitoring the emergence of the coronavirus,
15946 Economic sanctions, as the U.S. is applying against Iran, Cuba, Venezuela, and other countries, cause immense harm.
15947 Here in Newton, this is not who we are,
15948 And just know that no one is welcome in my house. Just stay in your own (expletive) house. And be safe.
15949 But I think that definitely I have missed out on the social aspects of renting and living in town.
15950 canthrow a hissy fit and throw themselves onto the ground and cry and scream
15951 on people's conception of what a trade policy should be,
15952 Congratulations to the Chancellor for continuing to respond to the ever developing health crisis with a significant policy response aimed at safeguarding jobs,
15953 For instance, I cannot say that I'm a Brahmin and since there's equality before the law, I must also get reservation. You cannot seek equality among unequals,
15954 You did abuse. You said I will say that I have nothing to do with her. All said and done, she is my daughter who has different views on some subjects.
15955 We haven't said anything against Muslims. We have only said those who have been persecuted for religious reasons, who had been hanging in this country for decades without citizenship, those who have not got cards and jobs.... This state of affairs must end.
15956 It seems like people in sectors involved with furloughing or even in less secure positions are going to be in serious trouble.
15957 The markets tend to exaggerate non-economic variables, and what I think the markets have decided is that Asia is going to be hit hardest because of its ties with China.
15958 Through today's donation, we hope to encourage countries to come together and offer mutual support in overcoming this common challenge for humanity,
15959 We're going to be in a tough time, and that's why we have to ensure that we support Canadian businesses and Canadian employees across the board,
15960 You can understand why people don't want to go to movies, restaurants, shopping malls,
15961 We won't know that. It takes months to get the data that would be relevant to a call like that. But it wouldn't be a bit surprising to me.
15962 Anyone who has internalized technical and ethical principles knows how important data security and sovereignty are,
15963 It has a dramatic impact on the economics.
15964 It is too late to attempt to close borders once the disease has taken hold in many other countries and a global pandemic has started.
15965 It is very unlikely that the virus will leave us. There is a great probability that the rates will show a noticeable decline as the warm summer weather will set in, but in the autumn, a season of cold and wet weather, the coronavirus infection rate will climb again,
15966 All foreigners located in Russia and diagnosed with a new type of coronavirus will undergo treatment until they are fully cured. After that, they will decide whether to stay on the territory of our country or not,
15967 It's quite possible that we evolved into being fearful of diseases and of strangers,
15968 The question I would ask of our leaders is: What will you regret?
15969 There is no trick in this business,
15970 While all taxes impede economic growth to one extent or another, the capital gains tax is at the far end of the scale.
15971 Economies loathe uncertainty. Making a departure nearly certain will boost the economy.
15972 Healthcare staff is equivalent to our soldiers in the Yom Kippur War,
15973 in the municipal elections of 1871, there were 54 rural towns in Sweden where one voter cast more than 50 percent of the votes.
15974 What I am proposing is not radical at all,
15975 probably have to take some chances with some of the young guys.
15976 I think they can work through the adversity. Whether we want to say it or not, this team expects to be in the playoffs. This team does expect excellence. You've got Andre (Drummond) and Blake (Griffin) out there -- these are major, major players and it does expect excellence.
15977 There is simply no way and no economic reason for sourcing entirely domestic,
15978 I mean, if we hand out too many ventilators, people might prefer it to breathing on their own,
15979 The European Parliament's call must not simply be ignored by the banking supervisory authority. Should Farkas take up his new post at AFME, Parliament will not grant him a lobby badge. We MEPs should not have meetings with the lobbyist Farkas.
15980 To change the policy from here would take events like a weakening of consumer patterns, or changes in business hiring and investment plans,
15981 A company such as TIM, which competes on the market, cannot wait too long,
15982 I expect no less from Rajan,
15983 These people show through their actions that they think truth, freedom, and justice are not merely lofty words, but ideals worth sacrificing for. It is they who are fighting today for India that Mahatma Gandhi gave his life for.
15984 Lower interest rates... might make you more likely to buy a car or a house. But they don't make you more likely to go out and expose yourself to the virus,
15985 The decisions that the Fed makes ultimately impact the interest rates that are relevant for everything that we do,
15986 If you want to get a loan, the interest rate you pay on the loan is influenced by what the Fed is up to,
15987 Today's measures will free up operational capacity for banks and supervisors as they respond to the economic impact of Covid-19. The Committee will continue to closely monitor the impact of Covid-19 on banks and supervisors and respond as necessary in coordination with the Financial Stability Board and other standard-setting bodies on cross-cutting issues.
15988 We have heard loud and clear since the day the bridge has closed about the amount of time people have waited in traffic,
15989 Without it, we would have been in tatters completely,
15990 which could derail progress toward fiscal consolidation.
15991 `Crazy' pretty much sums it up,
15992 it's going to be the same damn world.
15993 It's the natural consequence of rushing to do something that you think is helpful but not actually spending the time to figure out what devils are in the details,
15994 December 2018 was a really weird month,
15995 lead market participants to infer weakness.
15996 If monetary policy is to remain relevant, policy makers will have to adopt new tools, tactics and frameworks.
15997 learned from past experiences,
15998 Over the last decade we saw our public finances get frankly out of control... And the quality of our spending is very low.
15999 The surge in crude is helping the mood, so we're seeing some relief in markets that have been hammered,
16000 as a psychological buffer.
16001 This thing is thousands of miles away. This fear is really out of proportion.
16002 We think about demand shocks and supply shocks: In a demand shock, yes, monetary and fiscal policy (can be used) but with supply shocks, it's micro (economics). The trouble is with this one is that it's both, and I think policymakers are still trying to figure out and the result will be a lot of volatility in the markets because people don't know what they're dong,
16003 When you start talking about safe haven, it becomes really difficult to think are these really safe-haven assets because it's just not obvious.
16004 we would have more beds and more supply in order to help critically ill patients,
16005 [ T ] he impact of the Novel Coronavirus on Asian and global hospitality will be worse than in the past,
16006 but steps need to be taken now to preserve those jobs.
16007 claimed at the end of the financial year
16008 I love the classroom. I love the students. I teach masters students, who want to go out and do good. And they're very smart and talented.
16009 European countries have faced the same kind of technological change we have, and they're not seeing the people killing themselves with guns or drug or alcohol,
16010 Our story of deaths of despair is essentially a long-run account of destruction of the working class,
16011 are most often solved by a sequence of small solutions
16012 I think it's a good time to examine our spending more generally,
16013 At the same time, the dramatic fall in interest rates may induce some potential buyers to take advantage of the better affordability conditions,
16014 However, areas that are deemed `too expensive' will obviously have trouble attracting residents and companies looking to do business there. We need a good balance that benefits both current and future homeowners, but right now, the balance is still in favor of home sellers.
16015 equivalent to the full 2019 trade war between the US and China,
16016 Materials cost money that companies locked in competition would rather not spend,
16017 The harmonies that we sang, the things that we did together, the joys that we had,
16018 The issue that we have as investors is that we are not seeing change happen on a global scale, with companies like ExxonMobil and Chevron having no long-term targets embracing Scope 3 emissions,
16019 this use of the Federal Reserve as an active (quasi -) fiscal player... extremely dangerous and highly undesirable from the point of view of the health of the democratic system of government in the US.
16020 threats of arrest, detention, humiliation, harassment and embarrassment in public
16021 We held out on this decision as long as possible, in hopes that the outlook for late spring might brighten and we'd be able to gather as usual.
16022 Despite the horrific nature of his crimes, he was granted compassion,
16023 It is a brilliant dissection of the limitations and shallowness of CSV made it very clear to me that CSV was not the answer to this fundamental debate.
16024 Mr Churchill cooperated with the police from the outset.
16025 Riding through the world is interesting, but engaging with challenges keeps it interesting,
16026 The US can go to its key allies, and those countries together do have veto power.
16027 There is a person who has an opportunity to promote themselves to potentially win the game, but it would mean turning on somebody who they had a very strong friendship and bond with. At first they sort of break this person down, but then they have a change of heart and realize they can't do that. I kind of think in the United Kingdom the outcome of that would have been different -- that the person would have been stabbed in the back,
16028 But just like the show's fans, we go on a journey of discovery and love! By the end, I would have been happy if any of the final gang won -- they had all earned it.
16029 We've not seen any significant rollback of tariffs,
16030 We have also traditionally emphasized in our communications the collegial, consensus-driven nature of the FOMC policy process, the fact that participants come to meetings with open minds and, after discussing the issues, come to a collective decision,
16031 Amid disappointment over the timeline to oil production, Uganda has now resubmitted its bid for China-Exim financing of its planned Standard Gauge Railway,
16032 It is a strong animal with enormous potential, but it moves at a lumbering pace. The hope is that it will start dancing to deliver the next growth miracle.
16033 There was always at least 75 who had no registration fee money. We sucked it up.
16034 Even with a projected strong subsequent rebound, global profits are expected to stand 20 percent below their forecasted pre-pandemic level at the end of next year.
16035 significant risk that the virus outbreak persists and activity remains restricted for a longer time,
16036 It's what we refer to at times just to simplify as a `plug and play' platform.
16037 evidence of the unidentified hair casts yet more doubt on the sufficiency of the physical evidence.
16038 I think we're unlikely to see a really large outbreak in the U.S. -- meaning thousands of deaths,
16039 In the last 12 to 13 years, a lot of new people entered the work force and none of them have seen something like this. I do think IT is a little insulated.
16040 retrofit 47,000 existing homes in the city to meet Green New Deal standards.
16041 Without the City's immediate intervention, renters will be evicted and small business owners will go bankrupt.
16042 The government was unable to predict Trump's behavior, a bit like the reaction to the coronavirus,
16043 We are in the middle of a pandemic now, and we face an even more uncertain future, and here is when knowledge of risk can be particularly important.
16044 Yes, we have made some suggestions to the finance ministry for the upcoming budget and on the economy. We are concerned over the projected shortfalls in revenue from GST and from direct taxes. CBDT's projections of a shortfall by  1.4 lakh crore in direct taxes is again worrisome. The natural victims of these shortfalls in revenue are social sectors like education, health, drinking water, child and women development, besides infrastructure development,
16045 Contrary to the narrative that was sought to have manufactured, after the withdrawal of General System of Preferences (GSP) by the US, India's exports items actually increased by 32 per cent in June 2019, instead of showing any decline.
16046 Now, we postponed the February events, but we have rescheduled them for March and April,
16047 something economically meaningful on the fiscal side.
16048 We are designing a system for the future,
16049 We have a deal where you can get either a 1000 units of insulin or 1500 units of insulin for $25,
16050 Without a doubt the coronavirus will have significant impact on the global economy,
16051 Legacy and Athlete Preferences at Harvard,
16052 the lowest level since 2016
16053 The media has sensationally reported false allegations, conjecture and innuendo. Several have done so without following the standard, responsible practice of first speaking with Edelweiss. Had they done so, you would have been presented with both sides of the story, equally and fairly. We are, therefore compelled to take appropriate legal action against the concerned media group, in order to protect and reinforce the reputation of Edelweiss,
16054 I am writing to you directly to assure you that Edelweiss has no relationship with Capstone Forex Pvt ltd and all allegations of FEMA violations are false. Needless to say, if in the future any assistance or support to the investigation is requested from us, we will cooperate fully.
16055 The right mix of truth, falsehood and silence looks very difficult to achieve -- even the Soviet Union, which chooses its preferred `mix' more freely than most other states, seems to have mixed itself a poisonous brew.
16056 Dubai has always forged the way when it comes to launching innovative models of government and private sector collaborations. Through our relationships, we want to make the UAE an innovation hub and encourage countries to contribute and expand at a global level.
16057 The price of a string of elections is very significant,
16058 The PSD is not broken. It was time to show our differences, now it's time to show unity,
16059 The Riksbank sees potential problems with the marginalisation of cash and has therefore initiated a pilot project to develop a proposal for a technical solution for Swedish kronor in electronic form, an e-krona.
16060 it is not all that strange that we slightly distance ourselves from the eurozone
16061 We can't say what would have happened if the Dutch had never showed up in Indonesia,
16062 With India being strong in services and not manufacturing, the country will have to give some to get some. It is a quid pro quo situation particularly in a regional trade bloc kind of arrangement
16063 Adding Law & Crime allows fubo to expand our lead as the live streaming TV service that provides the most channels and the most value to customers,
16064 biased and alarmist claims about human-induced climate change.
16065 But that varies a lot by hospital.
16066 coins and banknotes are actually an anachronism
16067 I wholeheartedly endorse the second iteration of the Doha Declaration. The Doha Declaration is a reflection of the last two days of productive discussions and reflects the need for all stakeholders in the aviation industry to work together to develop the solutions for today's and tomorrow's challenges
16068 If we see a recovery, God willing, in months, people will want to turn off the taps.
16069 too early to accurately measure the impact
16070 Trump Doubles Down on Threats to Impose Tariffs on European Cars.
16071 We've got about nine or 10 full-timers and 12 or 13 with the interns,
16072 While this is down slightly, the bigger picture is that this measure of market balance was remarkably little changed considering the extent to which current economic and social conditions are impacting both buyers and sellers.
16073 Social distancing is difficult for everyone, but some people and sectors are disproportionately hurt,
16074 To be sure, interest rates remain low today, suggesting that there is time to address our fiscal challenges and that fiscal policy could be used as a tool to address other challenges facing the nation, if the Congress chose to do so,
16075 We still want to be in the position to grow the company,
16076 We understand that millions of Abians in particular and Nigerians, in general, have been expressing shock, disbelief, and anger over the report due to the magnitude of looting, and therefore join Abians in solidarity at this moment of sadness and sobriety,
16077 When you have a comparison going between money and something else, money almost always wins in our political debate,
16078 I don't even know what a bot is, by the way.
16079 People need to be there to check in the questionnaires.
16080 The Kremlin has decided to sacrifice OPEC + to stop U.S. shale producers and punish the U.S. for messing with Nord Stream 2,
16081 the most vulnerable are not left behind
16082 What the market is saying that the Iranians will keep inflation under control,
16083 financial markets will continue to dance to the tune of news about the virus and of the authorities' response.
16084 the right wing media ecosystem is distinct and insular from the rest of the media ecosystem.
16085 a period when urban real estate is slightly more affordable.
16086 However, it is clear that the decrease in employment and hours and the increase in unemployment can be ascribed to the effects of the illness and efforts to contain the virus.
16087 I think it's fair to say that more Sanders backers -- sort of like Elizabeth Warren backers -- they're academics, they're fairly well-to-do white people, they're professionals, [ and ] they're hipsters.
16088 One positive trend is that the demand for Israeli products and know-how continues to grow at a relatively high pace,
16089 People thought I was ignoring them or being rude but I simply didn't know they were speaking to me because I can't see their mouth,
16090 school for the boss,
16091 Gordon Smith has the Jamie Dimon gift of clarity and wit. They are in fantastic hands in terms of next generational cohort.
16092 It's a good time to be picking up some of the bargains and getting rid of some of those things that you are not too excited about,
16093 We've done a great job paying attention to detail and making any improvements necessary to provide the highest quality product, and I feel this will afford us the opportunity for continued growth in the years ahead.
16094 Everyone talks about the E.U. as if it is a bastion of free trade, but it's not. We want to trade freely with everybody, especially the United States.
16095 Gantz made sure not to be involved in the company's business dealings with police,
16096 The problem gets most acute in crisis situations,
16097 We are in government because we want the private sector to work, to thrive and to do well. When the private sector does well, the government does well, when the government does well, then our people benefit. We tackle poverty, unemployment, and education -- something I am absolutely committed to
16098 We have planned special trains for the next three days,
16099 I shall remain grateful if my colleagues can send their contributions to the fund y filling an enclosed format to be mailed to the university office within April 14 and the donated amount will be recovered from the salary of April 2020.
16100 If you are trying to get to 3per cent in an economy in its 11th year of recovery that's a tough task,
16101 Iraq [ will ] expel US troops. Iran will have to pull in Iraq. Saudis don't want conflict. Middle East will become less stable, creating volatility in markets.
16102 It is a great problem and one of the greatest challenge we have in the state. We have limited land for agricultural purposes and we are tired of losing them to gullies.
16103 It will be undoubtedly significant.
16104 This acquisition aligns with our strategy to become Africa's Gateway to the World and we are excited about the potentials that reside in the East African market. We will leverage our presence in key payment corridors, strong partnerships in non-presence countries: robust technology platform as well as world-class risk management to provide cutting edge financial solutions to our clients. We will build on TNB's existing expertise in agricultural financing and deploy our resources to optimise other business segments. We are committed to supporting the growth and development of our host community in line with our sustainability ethos and are certain that this acquisition will deliver great value to our stakeholders. Following the receipt of regulatory approvals, we are very confident that the transaction will be completed shortly.
16105 to reverse all measures inconsistent
16106 have implemented a wide range of precautionary measures to help reduce the spread of the virus,
16107 NATO allies provide support for Turkey today. We augment their air defences, we have an AWACS plane helping to patrol the skies and we also have port visits and provide support in other ways,
16108 We went into Afghanistan together, all allies and partners,
16109 contributed to our shared security in many ways.
16110 We are mobilizing support from allies with spare capacity to help those in desperate need,
16111 part of the Russian strategy of investing heavily in modern capabilities, including modern nuclear weapons
16112 The COVID-19 has taught us a lesson concerning the significance of strength
16113 But we actually judge that this exercise was also used to demonstrate to NATO that they remain combat-ready despite COVID-19,
16114 Of course there will be economic consequences from the coronavirus crisis. How severe these economic consequences will be will depend, of course, on how long the crisis will last.
16115 It is extremely important for us that ISIS never returns,
16116 Our forces are ready and Nato is working. And if needed, we are able to react,
16117 further violence and provocations.
16118 welcome any steps that can lead to reduction in violence
16119 a blatant attack on the dignity of the country.
16120 must act to protect civilians and impose
16121 And when the time comes, we will leave together.
16122 Training local forces is one of the best weapons we have against ISIS [ Daesh ].
16123 I was in Kabul a couple of weeks ago when the [ peace ] deal was signed, and to make sure that that deal is implemented, we need a united Afghan government that can be a part of a negotiated political process.
16124 We have to recognise that we are under threat. The whole world wants us to believe that we are not the ancient Hindu civilisation and that we are a new country. We are a not a new country. We are a new Republic. Our national identity is the same and we are culturally one people...,
16125 will be the ones that have higher numbers of hospitalizations, higher numbers of deaths and where many of the resources should be concentrated,
16126 And if the respiratory system is already inflamed because of pollution it's like you're putting gasoline on the fire.
16127 worked to stop the spread of misinformation.
16128 One of the things we learned the hard way is we shouldn't make judgments on truth,
16129 We really have to work hard to not have those biases become part of technology, which means we need more women in the field,
16130 Inequality is very real, and it's been very real for a really long time,
16131 $100 million to help 30,000 small businesses in over 30 countries where our employees live and work,
16132 Suddenly and, through no fault of their own, many simply can't do business, and for others it has become much, much harder because customers are doing the right thing and staying at home.
16133 When he proposed, he had a letter for me -- and I had a letter for him.
16134 If you can't talk to your boyfriend about marriage, you're either dating the wrong person or you're not giving him credit for being the right person,
16135 an ever closer European Union.
16136 You need to ensure your governance processes empower staff to proactively engage with their own senior managers and prioritise doing the right thing even if that might have some negative financial effects,
16137 being marketed as The Black Plague,
16138 no opportunity to comment or to offer alternatives
16139 Let's just build upon that instead of saying, `Oh, it's not working, so let's shoot that away and try to come up with this four-year college,
16140 but they want to give their allies an alternative to the dollar and create a system that couldn't be disrupted by the U.S.
16141 I've been treating it as a layoff,
16142 Government labor market data that really show -- in a breathtaking manner -- the impact the coronavirus shock is having on the labor market,
16143 is not going to be big enough,
16144 The UI claims figures in recent weeks don't include people who aren't eligible for regular unemployment insurance but are nevertheless out of work due to the virus -- people like independent contractors, those who had to quit work to care for a child whose school closed, and those who don't have long enough work histories,
16145 Mild winter weather provided a significant boost to the January employment gain. The leisure and hospitality and construction industries in particular experienced an outsized increase in jobs. Abstracting from the vagaries of the data underlying job growth is close to 125,000 per month, which is consistent with low and stable unemployment.
16146 Talk about a stress test,
16147 This is gone, lost forever,
16148 I don't think we get much more than that. I don't see anything driving growth higher than that.
16149 Expansions don't last forever, and this one probably is getting a little long-toothed, but it's not on life support,
16150 What it shows you is, prior to the economic impacts of the coronavirus, it looked like the labor market was on solid footing, and maybe even starting to accelerate a little bit,
16151 If the market keeps going down 1,000 points a day, that will spook people very fast,
16152 Our staff are currently working on identifying vulnerable countries and estimating potential financing needs should the situation deteriorate further,
16153 substantial debt relief from Argentina's private creditors.
16154 the top 10 percent now control nearly as much wealth as the bottom 50 percent,
16155 Global growth in 2020 will dip below last year's levels, but how far it will fall and how long the impact will be still difficult to predict,
16156 is now in recession,
16157 stands ready to mobilise its US$ 1 trillion (RM4.3 trillion) lending capacity to help our membership,
16158 You, the G20 leaders, have already taken extraordinary steps to save lives and safeguard your economies, she said, adding that vulnerable households and businesses need targeted financial support to stay afloat and get back to work quickly. Otherwise it will take years to overcome the effects of widespread bankruptcies and layoffs
16159 more substantial supply chain disruptions and a more persistent drop in investor confidence,
16160 Some countries need more help, and that's where the IMF is so critical,
16161 I stress there is tremendous uncertainty about the outlook: it could get worse depending on many variable factors, including the duration of the pandemic,
16162 Of course one should not say `hop' until one jumped, but things are looking very good,
16163 use all appropriate policy tools to achieve strong, sustainable growth,
16164 Global growth remains sluggish... adjusting to live with the new normal of higher uncertainty [ read: Trump ]... the underlying causes for trade tension are still with us,
16165 My expectations are that the plans for Bulgaria's eurozone entry will happen exactly as made,
16166 steps we know have worked before,
16167 The global economy is far from solid ground. While some uncertainties have receded, new ones have emerged. The truth is that uncertainty is becoming the new normal,
16168 Emerging markets are dramatically impacted by record high capital outflows and severe shortage of FX liquidity. Many low income countries step into this crisis under a high burden of debt,
16169 Over the next couple of months we are going to see very bad economic data coming out of China and the rest of the Asian markets,
16170 I do believe that bringing together epidemiology and economics is absolutely crucial,
16171 Emerging markets and developing economies are hard hit by #COVID 19. They very often have less resources to protect against this health and economic crisis. It is important to place these countries and especially the weakest among them in the center of our attention,
16172 Be ready to act if growth slows again. That means having your portfolio of projects prepared.
16173 Partners have been outstanding, supporting each other and responding to the huge surge in demand at Waitrose.
16174 Partners have made significant sacrifices to ensure that we are able to continue to serve and support our customers. The measures that we have announced today are in recognition of their hard work and commitment and are part of a wider package of support available to help Partners during this extraordinary time.
16175 StorCentric leads with its broad portfolio of storage solutions for customers who demand robust data protection, performance and manageablity. CIOs, IT Administrators, and CFOs of leading companies value the innovative technology, customer service, and return on investment of StorCentric solutions,
16176 The expansion of codeshare cooperation between Qatar Airways and Malaysia Airlines is a natural next step in the strengthening of our partnership.
16177 We have moved on from past issues and look forward to working closely with American Airlines to build a world-leading partnership for all our customers,
16178 They're going higher up the income distribution.
16179 veer the U.S. toward a recession.
16180 It is important to respect this division of labour by carefully limiting our remarks about exchange rates.
16181 I think a `V' is possible,
16182 We're at a stage where we're trying to build for the future and after. We're looking to build a team that's really going to be there year after year,
16183 Except for maybe a few hardcore people in the Grand Final, no one in the United States, if they don't Google the result, will possibly remember who won the Collingwood-Essendon match from last year, and we can watch it and learn,
16184 positive life change's to the therapy experience, rating it among `the most personally meaningful and spiritually significant experiences of their lives,
16185 Why he would want to come to join us
16186 He's a great player. I just worry about his health.
16187 He accepted responsibility by pleading guilty. He successfully completed treatment, served the mandatory 48 hours required by Tennessee law, and is working to put this behind him.
16188 I hear he's going to be a free agent but we're not allowed to talk to him until March. I don't know why he would want to come to Miami as we are a rebuilding team,
16189 We're really excited about this agreement and the opportunities it will create for our business to collaborate on developing compelling payment experiences to consumers and merchants,
16190 When you cough or sneeze, you're ejecting fine particles,
16191 It is being refreshed more often than standard modern office buildings,
16192 As a seller now, the downside is that you'll probably see fewer buyers.
16193 The stock market was already exuberant, with extremely high valuations, and the coronavirus was the excuse it needed to step back -- but it was already inevitable,
16194 Sellers, start prepping,
16195 If stimulus is rightly structured to help these companies and if vaccine is discovered then the housing demand will roar back,
16196 If these factors are sustained in 2020, we will see a notable pickup in home sales in 2020.
16197 Whether it is a reflection of politics or true economic conditions, there is a difference of views between rural and urban areas,
16198 I view 2019 as a neutral year for housing in terms of sales,
16199 Affordability is key to price growth projections,
16200 Detroit is just about one of the most fragile cities
16201 The bigger the footprint women have, the harder it is to say this is a fringe group that wants a fringe benefit, and the labor market won't stand for it,
16202 It's too hard to figure out who really needs it. Get money into everybody's hands, then we can clean it all up later.
16203 Why is today a milestone? It's a milestone because it's really heralding the future and not just telling us where we are today,
16204 gone beyond the control phase to the delay phase
16205 There has been a sharp fall in trading conditions.
16206 One of the things we will look at ahead at for the COP26 is `should we have pathways to make the TCFD mandatory?' Not overnight, but through listing requirements or securities regulation disclosure standards,
16207 shining a light on deficiencies
16208 delighted that the work of arguably the single most influential British artist of all time will now appear on another two billion works of art -- the new 20-pound notes that people can start using today.
16209 In an environment where everything is getting a fresh look, it's fertile ground for taking a step back and making bigger changes than otherwise might have been made,
16210 Should the MPC need to provide further monetary stimulus, there were a number of options at its disposal, including cutting Bank Rate further, enlarging the TFSME (Term Funding scheme with additional incentives for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises), and expanding asset purchases,
16211 We are monitoring the situation closely across all our functions and ensuring all necessary contingency plans are in place.
16212 sharp fall in trading conditions,
16213 This happens to be a huge commercial opportunity for the City of London and the UK financial sector writ large.
16214 financial institution, every... pension fund or insurer: what's your plan?
16215 significant changes in behaviour, and considerable investment
16216 I don't think the financial sector should be or will be a substitute for climate policy.
16217 Similarly with school closures, he's been clear there is no reason or need for schools en masse to close. If there are particular incidents, Public Health England and local teams will give advice.
16218 I am concerned that the U.S. path may not be optimal because of job destruction -- the millions of jobs that are being destroyed -- some of them will not be recreated after the pandemic is over and shutdown is over,
16219 If you're caught in a recession, and you can't get a job, it's disastrous for you and the social consequences are huge from that sort of fallout,
16220 If unemployment gets lower you get wages growth starting to pick up because you get scarcity of labour,
16221 #ILeftTheGOP in 2006 because I was appalled by George W. Bush's stupidity and voted in the Democratic primary that year to mark the occasion,
16222 In 2005 I predicted the crash,
16223 Medicaid funding will be used to pay for other programs or even to finance tax cuts.
16224 Most of the heavy lifting around the world is not done with carbon pricing,
16225 Stalling for 10 years isn't good enough in a world where Australia's on fire. In a global net-zero world, there won't be any demand for their product or enough offsets to counter the emissions they have,
16226 unfavourable shift in the exchange entitlement mapping
16227 There are deep links between friendship and knowledge. Our intellectual horizons expand when we learn from each other. We can give to the world much more than what we get from it. For example, the mathematical revolution in India from the fifth century onwards, led particularly by Aryabhata, was influenced by intellectual developments in Greece, Babylon and Rome, but Aryabhatian mathematics, in turn, took gigantic leaps in India, and then spread abroad, with transformational impact on China, on the Arab world and eventually on Europe. The constructive role of friendship applies not only across the national borders, but also within. Divisions between groups and sects not only damage our social lives, but they can also work as barriers to intellectual progress within and across the nations. Friendship is, in fact, central to the development of knowledge.
16228 In China, decision making takes place at the top. The country's leaders are skeptical, if not hostile, with regard to the value of multiparty democracy, but they have been strongly committed to eliminating hunger, illiteracy and medical neglect, and that is enormously to their credit.
16229 Divisions between groups and sects not only damage social lives but they can also act as barriers to intellectual progress within and across the nations. Friendship is, in fact, central to the development of knowledge,
16230 When many businesses are undertaking great work to support the national effort, it's crucial that companies such as JD Wetherspoon and Sports Direct do all they can ensure their workers are properly protected and get the pay to which they are entitled.
16231 Gift to a friend.
16232 would be encouraging people to go out and buy cars and go to restaurants and get an airplane and take vacations,
16233 As an individual what I feel is that behind everything we do, whether we achieve it or not, we must have the intent to transform the realities and transform the world,
16234 There are a variety of indices we have got to be much to be proud of. This is being recognised globally and we should also be very pleased about it. Now the country should look ahead instead of being self-congratulatory and it is more productive to see what can be achieved in the future, and not, in fact, rest on our laurels.
16235 eerily reminiscent of the Yom Kippur War
16236 In the next two to three weeks, if we act really decisively, we may be able to flatten the curve and then when the storm comes it will be not be as brutal as we see in Europe.
16237 A strategy to silence the guns must be strategy to improve the governance of our societies, to build a more transparent decision-making process, to demand more inclusive and strong institutions underpinned by the rule of law. We have good examples of where these principles have helped countries.
16238 it carries 23% of the disease burden, including hundreds of thousands of deaths each year from malaria, HIV/Aids and tuberculosis,
16239 We need to ensure that women are included in critical decision-making processes if we are to reduce conflict, sustain peace, and deliver a prosperous Africa.
16240 Most residents of Manhattan have had the resources to self-isolate, including avoiding the subways. The data clearly show that Manhattan subway use declined more rapidly and plummeted to less than 10% of regular peak.
16241 Since most people don't have a treadmill, outdoor exercise makes it a heck of a lot easier to meet the physical activity guidelines of 150 minutes a week of moderate activity, like walking, or 75 minutes a week of vigorous activity, like running,
16242 Stop hating, your brothers turned you into a rock legend and made you millions (sic),
16243 Amazing scenes NHS we f *** ing love and adore you all LG x
16244 I never really had a big problem with them anyway,
16245 Oh dear, how will you ever redeem yourself.
16246 We'll get in a ring and we'll have a fight and you can all watch it on TV, what dyou think about that?
16247 I've been washing my hands all fucking day.
16248 The student is made to feel committed to the program rather than have an open mind, because the tuition dollars will stop if they want to switch majors,
16249 Today the priority is containment, but to reach that you can rely not just on social isolation and shutdown, but fiscal measures, like sick pay and health spending, could help attain that goal more effectively,
16250 And in a lower-case scenario, you could see contraction for the first time in decades, and as many as 11 million people could be driven into poverty,
16251 total cost of this arrangement was to be US$ 835.2 million.
16252 VIA is a money guzzler, not a transit solution,
16253 We are trying to give everybody a much better understanding of what is going on,
16254 The ability to do all this will also assist people to comply with increasingly strict social distancing measures,
16255 Secondly, we will be looking to see whether there are any breaches of the act -- if there is any enforcement action to be taken. Thirdly, if when we have got transparency and we've looked at the potential for enforcement under the act as is... we make a judgement as to whether more regulation is needed.
16256 However, we feel it is appropriate to suspend them while the sector works to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the surge in demand for online services.
16257 Some people want to solve the problem straight away. I don't think you can. It's a bit of a journey.
16258 Many consumers may have been tricked by these price displays into thinking they were getting great discounts. In fact, Trivago wasn't comparing apples with apples when it came to room type for these room rate comparisons.
16259 We never leave the boom-bust cycle,
16260 With the markets destroying wealth so quickly, the two shocks we're seeing globally -- the coronavirus and the oil-price war -- could morph into a financial crisis,
16261 We will not be raising interest rates until we are very confident that inflation is sustainably in the two to three per cent range,
16262 But in the context of extraordinary times, and consistent with our broad mandate to promote the economic welfare of the people of Australia, we are seeking to play our full role in building that bridge to the time when the recovery does take place,
16263 Without that bridge, there will be more damage, some of which will be permanent, to the economy and to people's lives,
16264 a significant hit to GDP
16265 On that occasion [ SARS ], there was a sharp slowing in output growth in China for a few months, before a sharp bounce-back,
16266 continue to work with Maryland-based businesses to ensure that all companies will be able to comply with the legislation, and address all Constitutional issues, and I am confident this legislation will pass this session.
16267 Regardless, it's clear that hard choices are ahead.
16268 I am proud to join the Vanderbilt community at this time and to help write the next chapter.
16269 If men and women sort into field of study in systematically different patterns, it follows that major choice should affect the college gender wage gap.
16270 In light of the fake news doing the rounds that Pandit Nehru did not want Sardar Patel in his Cabinet, sharing a series of letters and documents.
16271 Real secularism is fighting communalism of all types with aggression.
16272 Congress made a mistake in 2009. In 2004, the United Progressive Alliance won and the Congress took all coalition parties together. In 2009, we got 200-odd seats and became very arrogant. There was no Common Minimum Programme in 2009. The BJP is making the same mistake with the regional parties now,
16273 Afterwards, I don't know what happened. Who hijacked it, I really don't know. But beyond a point of time, it has completely vitiated the political atmosphere. Because the CAA does not take away citizenship of anybody. It grants citizenship selectively,
16274 No arrests have been made despite the lapse of 72 hours. This is deliberate irresponsibility. People who have been identified must be arrested. Also, normality cannot return unless the vice-chancellor is removed. He should be sacked immediately.
16275 I make a direct charge that HRD Minister and the Home Minister are responsible for the incident. This is nothing but an officially sponsored goondaism,
16276 All of us have individual ambitions. But right now there should be only one ambition -- the party's revival, retention of support base and return to power,
16277 Opportunities for growth continue to present themselves and the board strongly believes the potential remains to broaden our proposition for our clients and investors. We continue to strive to enhance our offering for the benefit of all stakeholders and build upon our proven reputation and track record for the delivery of a quality service, and strong revenue and profit growth with high levels of cash generation,
16278 The outbreak of the coronavirus could drive large swings in Mainland China and emerging Asia growth in the first half but a much smaller impact on full-year growth, if the SARS episode is any guide,
16279 The stall in activity in March is likely sufficient to tip both economies into contraction this quarter but the shock's impact is expected to be concentrated next quarter, where both regions are expected to contract at a double-digit annualized pace. These outcomes are worse than were recorded during the global financial crisis or the European sovereign crisis.
16280 I don't think it has to play out like 2008, 2009 where you had most longer-lasting problems unwound.
16281 They are going to be out there working. If they don't have access to healthcare and protective measures that other workers may have, then that's making them particularly vulnerable,
16282 This would be a quick and direct way to contribute to all countries' capacity to contain the COVID-19 virus and avoid subsequent waves of contagion. SDRs would be a stabilizing force and an economic cushion for the global health emergency.
16283 Today, investors are threatening to go yield-hunting again. I doubt that this mood will last for long, but it won't do much for the euro.
16284 Please get Ackman off CNBC before people start jumping off bridges.
16285 Right now bitcoin feels a little frenzied, and we could see it surge up, but I think by the end of the year we certainly take out the old highs,
16286 The Russians are particularly mad at me right now,
16287 [ Putin ] wants to have countries like South Africa to be beholden to him; to be effectively enslaved to Russia,
16288 I don't know why these guys are rushing off to Russia.
16289 This support should continue throughout the containment phase to minimize persistent scars that could emerge from subdued investment and job losses in this severe downturn,
16290 has extended tax deadlines,
16291 But, we do have growth going back up to 5.8 percent in the following fiscal. But there are a couple of month's stabilisation and then we should see a recovery.
16292 As countries implement needed containment measures to control the pandemic, the world has been put in a great lockdown,
16293 It is a shock like no other. It is a viral pandemic... It has led people to stay home, not allowing to go to work for many weeks and months. There is tremendous uncertainty in it about what is coming up next. So the real consequences are tremendous everywhere.
16294 Those who do not have the credentials to even enter the halls of IMF are criticising the SBP governor for having worked there,
16295 the money will be spent on small business promotion and jobs. This support is testimony to the expanding economic relations and friendship between our countries.
16296 We are in an unprecedented situation where a global health pandemic has turned into an economic and financial crisis. With a sudden stop in economic activity, global output will contract in 2020,
16297 As such we don't expect a sudden or a big cut. Should he (Kganyago) have already cut by now? It's a good question. But it would be unorthodox for the Reserve Bank's Monteary Policy Committee to meet more, or sooner than they already have -- but there is room for a cut,
16298 This will likely also increase job losses, with further consequences for aggregate demand. The impacts will be particularly severe for small businesses, and individuals with earnings in the informal sector,
16299 We're already in recession,
16300 I love the vice president, I worked with him,
16301 The U.S. economy is so much more intensively driven by these personal services that are exactly the kinds of things that dry up when people get afraid,
16302 is a lot, but more will be needed, soon.
16303 The deterioration in business surveys in the spring and summer has not been followed by rising layoffs,
16304 The early spring homebuying season clearly will be a bust, but things should improve in June if lockdowns are eased somewhat and people are able to visit new home developments. That said, the unfolding nightmare in the labor market has removed large numbers of potential homebuyers from the pool, so the market can't quickly return to the robust and rising trend in place before the virus,
16305 The key number is the employment measure, which dipped trivially to 55. from 55.5, so it has held most of the gains since its recent low, 50.5 in September, immediately after the tariffs were applied to consumer goods.
16306 Looking at the states' unemployment claims numbers that have been coming out over the last few days, it looks to me like the order of magnitude in most states seems to be about 10 times higher than the normal weekly numbers before the crisis,
16307 Google searches for `file for unemployment' are now falling consistently on a week-on-week basis, by about one third,
16308 They should be doing much more than they are thinking about and doing it much quicker, at least $2 trillion with the promise of more to come.... We have whole industries like the restaurant industry that have been obliterated already. Jobless claims next week could be two or three million.
16309 Even manufacturing, which is the weakest part of the economy, is merely stagnating rather than rolling over,
16310 I am in the one-trillion-to-two-trillion-dollar camp, preferably by dinner time,
16311 Its equivalent in Australia would be a combination of ASIO, the Australian Federal Police, plus ASIS -- Australia's overseas intelligence organisation -- all rolled into one, but with a lot more power and less subject to the constraints of the rule of law.
16312 The contraction that is now under way looks to be neither V-nor U-nor L-shaped (a sharp downturn followed by stagnation). Rather, it looks like an I: a vertical line representing financial markets and the real economy plummeting
16313 There has been some concern on how much the RBI is independent, than what it used to be,
16314 to take measures to close the border [ with China ] in the Far East
16315 do everything to protect our people
16316 attract advanced western information technologies to Russia.
16317 so that people feel the changes in their lives and surroundings in the near future.
16318 when we face the outbreak of disease worldwide, it is important to understand each other.
16319 As we sit here today, and I believe this to be the case around the country, racing is continuing today. I think it will certainly continue tomorrow,
16320 I really do ask that he seriously considers delivering this within the current indoor Maryborough pool complex,
16321 We're moving to fast-track the local production of ventilators, so that hospitals and health-care workers can continue their extraordinary efforts in caring for those of us who need it most.
16322 Our partnership with China has helped make our state stronger and more successful,
16323 But as we've seen in many other parts of the economy at the moment, this thing is very changeable. We're literally changing every few days. I think we enjoy it while we can.
16324 I'm sure the ICC and CA will be having all kinds of conversations with Commonwealth authorities and indeed with state authorities but if the question is right now as we sit in April `is it a difficult proposition' , yes, I think it probably is,
16325 Cash Alone Will Not Solve the Problem of Education,
16326 Donald Trump is obsessed about China passing the U.S. in size of GDP. It already did by purchasing power parity, but thanks to his leadership, China is likely to have a larger GDP, measured in nominal dollars, than the U.S. next quarter.
16327 dramatic escalation in electoral promises
16328 Given the amount of accumulated debt, many firms have been `de-capitalised' , meaning the ship will continue to sink,
16329 I want that asymmetry... that convexity,
16330 Last year only 1% of total capex went into clean technologies. But those investments will grow as companies have to balance their short-term profit goals with long-term social license,
16331 There is an abundance of oil coming from the U.S., Brazil, Norway, Guyana and Canada. That's why we are seeing a more comfortable market now. These incidents are somehow tolerated in the current oil market,
16332 This is especially true in China, the largest energy consumer in the world, which accounted for more than 80% of global oil demand growth last year. While the repercussions of the virus are spreading to other parts of the world, what happens in China will have major implications for global energy and oil markets.
16333 The current decline in global emissions is not a development we should be happy about,
16334 odds of a global recession are close to 100 percent right now.
16335 would basically start to go about the business and the disruption is significant but minor
16336 We just ran the numbers carefully over the weekend, and we think the second quarter will be about minus-five percent, and we think the jobs number in early April might be as much as minus a million or so, because nobody is going to get hired next week.
16337 I could imagine the Fed doing a very big move at the next meeting -- like 100 basis points -- if this looks like a very serious threat to the global economy.
16338 The tax cuts reduced revenue by more than we thought in the first year... the corporate taxes are losing revenue with the rate, but gaining revenue with all the international tax rules and the stuff that can't pay for itself is like the joint tax cord,
16339 taxation and bond sales are technically incapable of financing government spending and that modern governments actually finance all of their spending through the direct creation of high-powered money.
16340 If you control your own currency and you have bills that are coming due, it means you can always afford to pay the bills on time. You can never go broke; you can never be forced into bankruptcy.
16341 The 2020s are the decade in which we need to make decisive progress, both halting the growth in global greenhouse-gas emissions, and setting the world on course to achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement.
16342 The commercials, or his ability to afford them, was, in some sense, the Bloomberg platform. They were his credentials. Precisely because he could buy this time, he was taken seriously. The Times didn't scrutinize him because they would have had to scrutinize what, to their minds, legitimized him. Money was the record he was running on.
16343 The continued care and safety of our patients is of the utmost importance and, while we hoped the virus did not spread into Vermont, SVMC and the Department of Health have been preparing for when COVID-19 crossed our border.
16344 The informal sector workers, without leave and any social security, will not be able to withdraw from daily work unlike the formal employees. This will put them at greater health risks. This health emergency should be taken as a lesson to ensure universal social security for all the workers,
16345 U.S. face transplant recipient offers thanks.
16346 We looked at why that would happen, why is it that your wages would fall because your super grows, and the theoretical underpinning for that argument is very weak,
16347 We know that when you take away paid sick days, people go to work sick, and now we know that kills people,
16348 This tired old deficit-mania will have zero resonance with the public in coming months: they are quite rightly preoccupied with more important things.
16349 As the lockdown continues it just gets worse from there. This is a desperate situation.
16350 Atlantic Canadians saw some value in meal kits,
16351 It's not a surprise that more Winnipeg consumers are seeking plant-based alternatives, and that Winnipeg businesses are ready to serve them.
16352 They've learned from past mistakes, they've become smarter, they have more options,
16353 The rise of food delivery apps and meal kits is confirming that trend.
16354 Everyone reacts differently to various levels of anxiety and fear as we go through the process of dealing with this pandemic,
16355 I'd be very surprised if we run out of anything at this point. My biggest concern, right now, is the border. If the border closes for one reason or another, that could be quite problematic for our global supply chains.
16356 During the fourth quarter, the five largest stocks in the S&P 500 (Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, Google) posted an average earnings surprise of +20%, compared with just 4% for the average S&P 500 company. Any weakness to these and other companies would likely push earnings estimates lower,
16357 We think today's pre-market softness is technical and is not likely to derail another mixed to positive session,
16358 Extending gas pipelines from the southern port of Asalouyeh in the Persian Gulf in Bushehr Province to neighbouring states has always been marred by political issues (sanctions and wars) and, in optimistic terms, may work only for a short term.
16359 If the database of the behavioral sciences consisted entirely of Tsimane subjects, researchers would likely be quite concerned about generalizability,
16360 Once a week, we get on a conference call and we talk for 10 or 15 minutes about absolutely nothing. We just want to talk once a week to hear each other's voices.
16361 people are stepping up -- we haven't asked for any of this money,
16362 provides new financing to the poorest countries to meet health care needs and many of their other needs,
16363 we are moving practice managers
16364 We are working to strengthen (the) developing nations
16365 why do we have so many super rich and is that a negative?
16366 substantial monetary stimulus needed to be in place to lay the foundation for the post-containment economic recovery.
16367 With the oil-producing regions of our economy already stressed, this shock can only deepen and prolong the adjustment process discussed earlier.
16368 We therefore have a lot of pieces in place for that recovery to be robust.
16369 If the forecast is one in which as we update it, it gets revised down further that would mean a cumulatively larger effect that Caroline just described from Chart 15, so that would put increased downward pressure on inflation, and it wouldn't wiggle the rate around 2%, it would start to show a little less than 2%, so then you would begin to factor that in. That could be because Q4 was even weaker than we were monitoring, or Q1, or it could move into Q2. it's the business of dynamics, it's not just a mechanical thing. Say Q4 were weaker than we expected but the indicators from Q1 were showing the rebound that we were calling for. That means you don't just go mechanical about it. The momentum goes back to the good side, and that's a very positive development.
16370 In determining the future path for the Bank's policy interest rate, Governing Council will be watching closely to see if the recent slowdown in growth is more persistent than forecast,
16371 The main thing they need to do is cough up an enormous amount of money. I think they'll get there.
16372 the sanctity of the family home is violated
16373 There are questions as to whether we have the right education system and whether or not we can get jobs at big multinational companies due to the lack of proficiency in our language,
16374 We are considering allowing sales once we get quality clearances from Bangladesh Standards and Testing Institute (BSTI).
16375 We have been planning for the first positive case in Northern Ireland and have made clear that it was a question of when not if,
16376 I am being kept fully informed about the steps being taken to protect the public by the Public Health Agency and I am providing the Minister with regular updates.
16377 That's the sort of spirit we all now need to embrace.
16378 Our business service organisation, our Trusts are working hand in hand to ensure that those staff who need personal protective equipment get the right personal protective equipment and that it is used in the right way.
16379 We need each of you to focus on your health and helping to contain the spread of the virus,
16380 rethinking of how to operate in a global, modern environment
16381 Subscription revenues, made up of Cloud Services and License Support revenues, grew 5% in constant currency. These consistently growing and recurring subscription revenues now account for 71% of total company revenues, thus enabling a sequential increase in our operating margin, and double-digit non-GAAP Earnings Per Share growth in Q3.
16382 We should not allow foreigners to enter our education sector. This will lead to the westernisation of education and will not be in the national interest.
16383 Our organisation is in touch with private players. Many of them are also of the opinion that our industry must rise up to the occasion and produce APIs at home,
16384 There are so many issues regarding dairy, agriculture, medical equipment and IPR. There are previous concerns as well. For the past so many years these issues are pending and I don't think in the near future there can be any trade deal with the US,
16385 What I'm saying is within the context of the framework for deciding monetary policy we also have to look at the impact on stable employment and on stable prices. If other central banks engage in those unfair practices, it can effect employment, especially our manufacturers who have to compete.
16386 I hope to contribute intellectual diversity
16387 If you look at the way economists were framing the debate, the assumption was bad things will happen around 2050, so how you discount costs and benefits 30 years into the future is a big deal,
16388 Many activities that had to be switched off can then be switched on again step by step, but some activities such as long-distance travel will be restrained for much longer. The fiscal stimulus will partly offset some hesitation by consumers and companies to spend,
16389 sex is a kind of weather,
16390 The Bank of Japan has basically gotten it right
16391 These comments conflating climate action with communism aren't just intellectually dishonest. They are reprehensible, especially when you consider the military service record of our commander in chief during that same war.
16392 We just need to come back and find that spirit that existed before 8 o'clock last night,
16393 We're going to count on you to be truthful to the vows you just took.
16394 This does not mean that we can ignore our budgetary constraints, especially given that our revenues will also be severely affected this year.
16395 When even elite universities become literal battlegrounds, accusations that the government is attempting to suppress dissent -- even if by apathy rather than design -- gain substantial credibility,
16396 Raghuram Rajan, who was then governor of the RBI, was consulted informally about a possible demonetization and he had advised that any long-term benefits would not be worth the short-term costs. In any case, he counselled that if the government was determined to demonetise, there should be careful planning to ensure adequate supply of new notes. In fact, demonetisation was hastily announced a couple of months after Raghu's term as governor came to an end.
16397 Direct transfers to households may reach most but not all, as several commentators have pointed out,
16398 You don't expect a collapse but a lot more softness in that series... A bigger drop will be the tourism, accommodation, recreation and entertainment sectors,
16399 2019 will probably be the last year with `oil boom' as a description of the economic situation,
16400 In a real financial panic, it's very hard to raise money, because no one will accept anything but cash, and that does not seem to be what's happening here. Quite the reverse,
16401 This (wearing a homemade mask) seems like a reasonable response unless you just sort of take American society out of it. When you can't do that, you're basically telling people to look dangerous given racial stereotypes that are out there,
16402 Was surreal seeing you at the top of your game in LA.. Have a super jaadu year (sic).
16403 We are all long. No shorts, you know, betting on the country.
16404 We don't buy control of businesses, we buy a minority stake, and if you think about what an activist does - we only bought 14% of Canadian Pacific. About 86% of the shares were held by others. The only reason why we were able to get the influence we had is that other shareholders backed us. The other shareholders are big institutions that are not in it for the short term. They are major index funds and others that are not looking for a quick three-month profit, and they backed us because we have a track record of doing things to companies that create long-term value.
16405 After he invests that $100 billion and change,
16406 What we do for a living, buying stakes in companies and working to make them more valuable, more efficient, more effective, I think it's great for the shareholders, I think it's great for the employees,
16407 After a careful review of the portfolio, we concluded that a hedging strategy was more consistent with our long-term ownership philosophy, and would likely lead to a better long-term outcome than selling off all of our assets.
16408 Our actions were no different than a home owner buying flood insurance,
16409 We need to take all the precautionary measures against the disease. There is a need for concerted efforts to prevent the disease from coming here,
16410 I pledge to play any part the people of Malawi give me in this third republic.
16411 even if their actual effectiveness is the same.
16412 Reveal (x) enables organisations to truly understand the level of risk a device poses and provides situational awareness of the environment.
16413 If you ask people what policies do they support for addressing climate change and reducing emissions, you hear things like renewable portfolio standards -- let's set performance standards for industry -- and so you hear a lot more about standards,
16414 My primary responsibility is to you, to make sure you are safe, to make sure your families are safe, to make sure you can function where you are under the best possible conditions health and security wise,
16415 mountain of youth unemployment,
16416 This is an excellent example of how the Michigan State Police is contributing to the future of technology and helping to keep our members safe and make Michigan's roads safer.
16417 Sleepy Charlotte? Both you and Kate Garraway are hanging. That is the word you are looking for.
16418 While they are indigenous, they are not local. Attracted though as they are, to shiny stuff. And there will be no shortage of bling here in the Love Island villa.
16419 I like getting out and about and having a bit of banter with the punters. It'll be great to get up on stage and get up on the mic in a genuine unfettered fashion and regale some tales from the red carpet.
16420 I think [ the interview ] is buried on a tape somewhere at ITV in the archives. And hopefully, it will never see the light of day,
16421 This will benefit 35 lakh poor families and has an allocation of Rs 200 crore,
16422 This fiscal, the Centre has reduced West Bengal's share by Rs 11,000 crore in tax devolution. On the other hand, revenue from the Central cesses and surcharges (which are not required to be shared with states) have increased three fold in the last five years. This is against the spirit of federalism
16423 To us, this is the changing narrative, and this is the changing mindset we would like international development institutions should have; that the way to intervene and support Africa.
16424 During lunch, I interacted with some alumni of the Tony Elumelu Entrepreneurship programme who said they were beneficiaries of $5,000 support in 2015 from the TEF, and today, they have just completed raising U$ 3million becoming one of the biggest food chain providers in Rwanda,
16425 two completely different segments of America,
16426 because American agriculture clearly took a hit from China's retaliation for U.S. tariffs.... I think the extent of it has been exaggerated, but certainly farmers were grumbling.
16427 [ Democrats ] are all smart enough to complain about Chinese trade predation, but almost all of them -- even Warren and Sanders, from time to time, anyway -- are quick to add that... `imposing tariffs on Chinese Products, that's the worst possible response; that's the last thing we want to do.' Of course, they're trying to have their cake and eat it, too.
16428 Time is of the essence, of course, to get this textile bin collection up and running,
16429 scary, but not unmanageable,
16430 Today we are marking a new dawn for Irish football,
16431 We think that the constructive nature of the meeting indicated that all four stakeholders are absolutely united in the determination to do what has to be done for Irish soccer, particularly from our point of view for the grassroots,
16432 Come the polling day I think the Independents will be very strong.
16433 is prepared to play its role in contributing, but only under strict conditions which include the review of the powers and position of the FAI council, and the basic principle that there will not be a reward for wrongdoing
16434 We are not a fast-food chain; we are the ultimate in fine dining,
16435 Things are sort of seamless, as far a speed and execution go.
16436 Establishing such an ambitious goal for waste reduction is paramount to ensuring a better world for future generations. Leading the wind industry is not enough to combat the global challenges we face today. If we are to spearhead the energy transition, we must be an example for doing so in the most sustainable way, and this involves making sustainability part of everything we do.
16437 For example, their provision to `impose a minimum tax on corporate book income' raises less money relative to their proposed new corporate rate of 28% than relative to the current law rate of 21%,
16438 New eras are notoriously hard to predict. So instead of focusing on which cities are quarantined, start thinking about what's next. Very few investors do.
16439 Of course this devalues the whole idea of a constitution. It becomes just a piece of paper, subject to change whenever power shifts.
16440 Over the last 20 years, research has gradually accumulated suggesting that religious service attendance is associated with better physical and mental health.
16441 Over the years, I have seen many obvious `no-brainers' that would greatly enhance value and have worked hard to facilitate these, but I can say without exaggeration that the combination of HP and Xerox is one of the most obvious no-brainers I have ever encountered in my career -- one where activism should not even be necessary at all because the merits of the combination are so obvious to everybody involved,
16442 As a result, they decided to risk stockholders' capital, instead of protecting it, which is their duty.
16443 The banking sector needs to scale up and become proportional to the size of the economy. The exponential rise in India's GDP and GDP per capita post-liberalisation coincides with wealth generation in the stock market,
16444 The total amount as per the list of students released to us comes to around Rs 31.74 crore for undergraduate students and Rs 1.32 crore for postgraduate ones. As the decision was taken before the elections and we have a new government in state, the release of funds is pending. We are unsure how the government plans to allot the funds -- annually or in lump sum,
16445 If any student is physically challenged, he/she would already have taken it into consideration while taking admission in the first year. There will hardly be any student who would want to seek a transfer in the second year,
16446 There was no imagination to see where something like this could come from.
16447 They've unsheathed an incredibly sharp sword,
16448 We don't have such a problem,
16449 We are curbing the number of charter flights. Today, there will be only two. Starting from February 14, we are planning to cancel charter flights to ensure safety within the country. Everyone has been already warned,
16450 We are preparing a draft government decree on a temporary ban on work visas for citizens of the People's Republic of China,
16451 a movement in the direction of markets,
16452 It's a change to get dressed up if you like, or not. You can walk the red carpet in your everyday clothes or dress up.
16453 It's a learning experience because a lot of people still don't know what happened in the '40s,
16454 One of the target attributes we look for in our investment portfolio companies is a differentiated solution with broad market potential,
16455 Some local Trinamul leaders had been threatening our local organisers in Canning since last evening asking them not to hold the rally. It was clear they did not want us to take out the rally and the police acted at their behest,
16456 The models say the disease will come back once the restrictions are lifted. I hope that's not correct, but I can't imagine why it wouldn't be,
16457 We are intimately interconnected with nature, whether we like it or not,
16458 We're trying to understand to what extent there might be racial bias. So we want to capture what the officer perceives the individual is,
16459 A mover and shaker in the world of clogging and his legacy with continue with his own grandchild and his clogging family, the Tennessee Hoedowners.
16460 can open in the fall,
16461 one of the strategic areas we highlighted
16462 from an economic point-of-view.
16463 HIVE is the world's dominant producer of newly-minted Ether coins, and I'm pleased to announce that the company experienced a more than 20 percent increase in daily Ether coin production compared to its exit run rate for the last 15 days in December 2019. What's more, electricity costs are trending down at the company's mining facility in Sweden,
16464 The facility is powered entirely by renewable hydroelectricity, thereby maintaining our 100% green energy powered operations globally,
16465 In 2019, the trade deficit increased on higher capital goods and oil imports. This was despite higher gold exports, which increased 26 per cent in the year to September 2019 due to higher prices; and the recommencement of cashew exports,
16466 India has not leveraged its position as the second-largest horticulture producer. Smaller countries such as Thailand and Egypt fare better than India in horticulture exports,
16467 It's already arriving.
16468 I think the best system is an auction system and not a market system. I don't think we will go crudely as far as piling cash in a room but we will take the electronic route,
16469 It is hereby notified that the Minister of Finance and Economic Development has, in terms of section 235 of the Customs and Excise Act, made the following regulations; (1) These regulations may be cited as the Customs and Excise (Suspension) (Amendment) Regulations 2020 (No. 225),
16470 reach immediately into every crack of the economy is to fully mobilize their entire financial systems,
16471 That resilience comes with better knowledge. We don't need them to be experts. Just the basics are so important.
16472 They certainly weren't the only ones. An awful lot of money got invested in oilsands based on the same assumption.
16473 To most powerfully counteract the revisionist narrative that whitewashes Nazi perpetration, by showcasing the most extreme -- and representationally truthful -- sadism and violence that the Nazis perpetrated against the Jews and other victims.
16474 And because we're dealing with something like the Holocaust, which demands a reverential portrayal and demands the truthful horror of what happened, it was also important for me to equally have not only humor and these break-the-form moments, but ultimately, I wanted the show to be about wish fulfillment and about catharsis. I wanted it to be about badass others. Growing up Jewish, there was Woody Allen and this nebbishy, intellectual, ineffectual [ stereotype ]. I wanted to see Jews on screen with might and power and strength and this badassery.
16475 It always hid behind closed doors and white picket fences and state rooms. I think it's just much more out in the open [ now ]. To evoke or express what antisemitism feels like or what racism feels like or any kind of `other-ization,' this show was just more bold and vocal about it. I almost feel like we live in a time when people are more bold and vocal about it, so it's almost caught up to what the show really is.
16476 He ran a factory that employed Jewish slave labor and was part of the Nazi party, then he came to America and was on Walt Disney's TV shows and led a life of celebrity and fame and riches.
16477 In speaking to the `chess match' scene specifically... this is a fictionalized event,
16478 Between 2014-2018, jobs grew 14% while GDP was 27%. As there is no evidence that our labor productivity has increased, it is not understood why employment has grown at a rate equivalent to half the GDP.
16479 I think I'd be comfortable with saying 1.5 [% ] to 2.5 [% ].
16480 If we used more words to explain things, each word would carry less weight,
16481 We're always looking for things where if we have a tool to be able to do it, and if we think it's needed, we're going to do it,
16482 It reminds me of 1987, and it's an area where everyone is going to try to get out of the exit door and it's going to be very narrow,
16483 Leveraging that can help you find a job.
16484 Over time, older workers have seen a marked decline in wage increases, especially compared to younger people,
16485 surveillance capitalism's `means of behavioral modification' at scale erodes democracy from within because, without autonomy in action and in thought, we have little capacity for the moral judgement and critical thinking necessary for a democratic society.
16486 The value coastal wetlands provide for storm protection is substantial and should be taken into account as policy makers debate the Clean Water Act,
16487 If states do have to recover by cutting back, then that will induce its own bit of headwind and it might induce its own kind of recession,
16488 We are trying to offset that
16489 Dr. Downey has been a key part of numerous center programs over the years, and I look forward to working with him and the rest of the center staff to provide world-class executive outreach and education to the agribusiness community.
16490 From facilitating payment to paedophiles to shifting wealth into offshore tax havens, digital payment platforms have been an enabler rather than a preventer of the movement of illicit money,
16491 Our recycling industry is in strife - we need decisive action at a Federal level to address the problem,
16492 modest hit to annual-average global GDP
16493 What I am worried about is the young father who is not buying clothes or food for his family because he is addicted to this,
16494 are the result of different aspirations and distinct life choices or permit improvement of the standard of living and expansion of the opportunities available to the disadvantaged.
16495 Forget what you think you know about money and read the true, absorbing tale told by Vivek Kaul in his thorough, but fascinating book, `Easy Money' . A great read.
16496 I back the decision to postpone the league but on a personal note, I was in favour of holding the remaining matches as well. While we were discussing this issue in meeting with other PSL franchises and PCB, I raised the point that it is just a matter of 48 hours, so let the PSL conclude in a better way,
16497 To thank him, I Javed Afridi as Peshawar Zalmi Chairman, have requested President, Arif Alvi, to grant Sammy honorary citizenship of Pakistan
16498 In the twenty-first century the education and skills of the work force will be the dominant competitive weapon
16499 Nobody can tell us who to be friends with or who not to be friends with; we will make that decision ourselves.
16500 To achieve the Ghana Beyond Aid agenda, government must institute a system to avoid revenue leakages, and ensure that public officials are accountable to every state money they spend
16501 The only explanation is that it's a miscalculation by people who don't have a comprehensive analysis of the markets and don't grasp how the American oil industry works.
16502 We can't hunker down economically that long. These are adjustments we haven't had in such ferocity in such a short time. Fear is an amazingly powerful negative force in the economy,
16503 the software doesn't get distracted or tired. It processes the video stream irrespective of what's going on around it, so we think we get a higher-quality result out of it.
16504 They almost certainly activated that network last week if not the week before,
16505 Demand management through interest rate policy is not the answer.
16506 If a country had a bad epidemiological outcome, then their shocks were likely be a lot bigger than countries that were able to control it well,
16507 When people go to university, they can borrow against the government and pay it back when their incomes rise, we should be doing that in this case right across the economy,
16508 Quarantining affected people and reducing large-scale social interaction would be an effective response.
16509 make sure that it's right for Yale to stand behind such a person.
16510 step toward shortening the line
16511 The most important thing, contrary to popular belief, isn't masks, it's about meticulous hand hygiene because respiratory viruses get transferred more efficiently by touch than by breathing.
16512 We haven't had to fight; everyone's been very cooperative,
16513 Underemployment really is a part-time work phenomenon,
16514 Bognor has had really bad press over the years,
16515 Empty seats at shows are not the problem -- it is what is happening in showrooms, the holdups in the supply chains and what they might mean,
16516 It was completely obvious that the towers had not fallen down from asymmetrical structural damage. They had blown up.
16517 The thing about carbon is it doesn't matter where it's emitted,
16518 I guess the theory was to protect lots that could be developed with more units. They don't let you have a granny flat because this plan is cheap and very easy if you have a lot where you can build more units because they want to exploit that possibility. Unfortunately, only investors with a lot of money can do that. No homeowners... unless you're rich.
16519 I just want to thank Jesus, I do,
16520 The biggest foreseeable risk is that demand from inbound tourists will fall excessively,
16521 We wanted to make sure they were deeply ingrained in Philadelphia, Camden and other areas,
16522 Any sudden and sustained drop in its growth,
16523 denouncing big business' push to create their permanent tax shelter.
16524 In Seattle right now, tens of thousands of workers... are waking up worried about basic survival,
16525 Despite the challenging regulatory environment, growing antitrust scrutiny, ad targeting headwinds and transition to Stories [ short user-generated photo or video collections ], Facebook turned in a strong performance in 2019 and we believe the stock remains attractive,
16526 particularly in the first quarter
16527 The bank expects the economy to rebound in 2021 in line with the projected global recovery. There is great uncertainty in the outlook, the situation is still evolving and the bank will continue to monitor and assess the development of the pandemic and its impact,
16528 The ECB is in the comfortable position of having a large set of tools, none of which has been used to its full extent,
16529 Through a lot of hard work and dedication and getting good people, we just kept growing and growing,
16530 AdjEM is the difference between a team's offensive and defensive efficiency,
16531 I mean, if it were close to home and I knew somebody and I could see their reactions and it was super bad, then it would obviously heighten my awareness,
16532 It is easier to separate someone from a job than to connect someone to a job. In recessions, the unemployment rate can go up very quickly and it comes down very slowly. The worry is that this will be like that.
16533 This hit all at once.
16534 It's quite self-destructive in the sense of, `I've given up and I've lost all control and if it comes out and I'm destroyed, oh well, because I'm not worth anything' .
16535 Kung kaya ng schools i-implement strictly ang Department of Health (DOH) guidelines sa health eh magpatuloy sila ng graduation at saka gagawa sila ng paraan para mako-contain ang size ng crowds kasi ang sabi ni DOH, iko-control ang mass gatherings,
16536 We also encourage them (students) to go abroad and participate in contests. Same with the teachers. Our teachers are continually going abroad to find out what is going on in the rest of the world,
16537 Alam natin na closed na ang classes, tapos na, pero walang graduation. I know disappointment ito para sa mga pamilya pero under present condition hindi natin ito pinahihintulutan,
16538 Students should be taken in with or without documentation,
16539 The situation in which the country is going through right now, we felt that there is a need to immediately support and encourage those MSEs that are helping the nation fight the menace,
16540 We will build on TNB's existing expertise in agricultural financing and deploy our resources to optimise other business segments. We are committed to supporting the growth and development of our host community in line with our sustainability ethos and certain that this acquisition will deliver great value to our stakeholders.
16541 But a day or two later, I've thought they probably aren't big enough. That's not to criticise what's been put forward, just a recognition the pace of this is extraordinary.
16542 I think the lesson from the last couple of years is it's quite dangerous to get trapped in these risk-aversion news cycles because they don't tend to last very long,
16543 normalise it in my mind
16544 requires a very different framing from the one that governments have chosen
16545 When I first went over, you had Alan Browne, Greg Cunningham and Daryl Horgan (in Preston first team),
16546 I agree, really. Partly it is the level of funding, and to a considerable degree it is the way the funding is sent out. It is divided into little pots that mean that it is, amazingly, true that you have fantastic FE colleges that struggle to spend the adult part of their grant. It is hugely wasteful because, again as Lyn has said, a vast amount of the money does not actually go on frontline provision to learners; it goes on the administration, the collection of data and the grant applications. It is extraordinarily wasteful.
16547 In our view, 2019 demonstrated the continuous effectiveness of monetary policy, especially when easing is undertaken in a synchronised manner around the globe. The IMF estimates that global growth would have been 0.5 percentage point lower without global monetary policy stimulus. That is a powerful outcome in the face of heightened downside risks,
16548 That is why, in Tarnw we have implemented investments related to polyamides and modified plastics, and in Police we are building a polypropylene production plant,
16549 The combination of Nazi-Satanism, extreme violence and sexual abuse makes it particularly troubling and action needs to be taken to prevent them grooming and radicalising other people,
16550 The prolonged decline in wages,
16551 vast differences in the quality of countries' case records,
16552 We need to bring some values back into it,
16553 You are promoting the league when the season happens, but when the season ends, the players vanish, and they're not available anymore,
16554 Active investing comprises two main strategies. One is based on the expectations of the cash flow each asset can generate. The other responds to short-term movements and ignores fundamental value.
16555 Because any information that comes out from the defendant could result in me being called as a witness in the case,
16556 In an environment where we have such a painful day, we have to stay away from such strict political polemics,
16557 Let's talk about today's Turkey. Why are the citizens hungry? Why is there unemployment? Our population is almost the same with Germany. Germany is looking for workers, we have unemployment. Why is that so?
16558 It has variable geometry, you're going to be getting people that you need for that particular issue.
16559 Medicaid expansion made a big difference for low-income Americans in the states that chose to opt in, but it did so for all racial and ethnic groups, so it did not make a significant difference in how much the gap between whites and blacks or Hispanics closed,
16560 The President of India, on consideration of facts and materials available on record and reply submitted by Adya Prasad Pandey... in exercise of the power conferred upon him in terms of sections 13 of Manipur University Act, 2005, has been pleased to dismiss him from his post with immediate effect,
16561 They're really setting the economy up
16562 We have to make sure that we can get through what is going to be and is continuing to be a very, very, violent v [ shaped move ] in terms of GDP and economic growth in this country.
16563 It's your job and your business now,
16564 The good news is that going into this crisis, the structure of our economy was very strong,
16565 I want to get to 1,000,000 hackers [ on our platform ]... that's really where I want us to be in the future,
16566 I was so stoked to have a movement coach help me with things like, you know, I've never thought about how men walk,
16567 Spending on all of those categories has probably plummeted and much faster than our data system catches it.
16568 They showed a misunderstanding of the level of complexity of Iran's economy and how good they are or how experienced they are with resisting sanctions.
16569 including translation in Arabic and 20 European languages are finalized,
16570 Not many people have been to prison or jail, even ministering... and death row is even more of a mystery,
16571 Southeastern Guide Dogs receives no government funding and relies on donors to provide its services at no cost.
16572 With Andros by his side, Chad now works as a Walkathon assistant for Southeastern Guide Dogs.
16573 Although three months' worth of progress may sound comparatively small to some people, it equates to more than 10% of the three academic secondary school years measured -- from when these young people are aged 11 years old to 14, which we know is a hugely developmental period,
16574 I can reasonably assume Ronnie Preyer's opinion: He's against women being armed. Or he would be if this serial rapist wasn't shot to death by a Cape Girardeau woman fighting to protect her body from his attack. After Preyer raped her the first time, she dutifully called the police. A few days later, he returned to attack her a second time. This time, instead of a phone, she used a gun to protect herself.
16575 it does not appear that self-defense gun use is more effective at preventing injury than many other methods of resistance,
16576 Kimberly Clark which is a leading products company in Nigeria which produces Huggies, baby diapers, Kotex Sanitary pads and panty liners plans to create 5,000 Jobs in the next 3-5 years.
16577 operate in an uncertain world where they lack the right data to inform strategic and tactical decisions,
16578 The flag countries, the country where these ships are registered, as a practical manner are not going to do anything,
16579 The health system was exemplary some years back,
16580 In my view Africa is still rising. As I have always said development is not a straight line. There is going to be ups and downs in the trajectory of development, the most important thing is, so long as the trend is moving upwards. There could be some bumps on the road, and that has happened everywhere in the world, so Africa will not be an exception, if you look at the records, the economic records, just more than a few years ago, the continent was growing faster and higher than almost any other region, except Asia.
16581 Often people who are living close to their means have built up debt and they see the tax refund as a way to clear a chunk of that debt,
16582 We haven't seen all of the layoffs and all the [ business ] closures and all the people who are going to end up unemployed yet,
16583 direct-to-consumer and digital capabilities.
16584 if we just build a better environment.
16585 Otmar Issing has played -- and still plays -- a very important role in shaping the debate on monetary policy.
16586 The Fed's decision to cut its rate target by 50 basis points is not surprising,
16587 We've seen a big rise in seniors with debt and those seeking bankruptcy or consumer proposal.
16588 A large number of countries in the European Union ensure that organisations that promote their trademarks [... ] are accompanied by very simple inscriptions: `Do not give up your life to gambling' , `You can lose your family as well as your money' .
16589 Even high-quality projects will struggle to get financing or refinancing, and that could have a ripple effect.
16590 I don't see foreign investors pulling out (of Indian equity) but we could see an impact on future flows if the issue escalates,
16591 I Just Met Lea Michele and It Was Nuts!
16592 I think it is important to take the time and do the analysis,
16593 I'm thankful for the Executive Board's confidence in my appointment. Its at times like these when the Fund and its staff perform at their best in serving our member countries. I `m looking forward to getting to work immediately and helping to lead the Fund in addressing the crisis at hand.
16594 The trial lawyers are vociferously arguing against it because it deprives them of a lot of income.
16595 When you take money out of a relationship, then that relationship goes from being more transactional to more social, and people have a higher customer experience overall,
16596 But if the stock market is down at some time in the future, then risks are going up, and that increases risk in the system as a whole,
16597 Canada and virtually all European and Asian developed nations have reached, decades ago, a political consensus to treat health care as a social good,
16598 Flat tyre or engine failure? The Indian economy
16599 But the Brexit risk has only been postponed, as it seems impossible to have a comprehensive trade agreement that includes financial services in 11 months.
16600 The exchange rate stability witnessed since last November has become a key driving factor in inflation out-turn over the past three months,
16601 These programs don't need cuts, they need increases to continue to meet the need of people with disabilities to be able to live and work in their communities,
16602 Hopefully they can learn a new skill, they can take it further on in life,
16603 I think there were too many thresholds and too many delays, but do think overall he's done a good job.
16604 They're very much in `watch' mode,
16605 At Shanghai Disney Resort, we currently estimate the closure of the park could have an adverse impact to second-quarter operating income of approximately US$ 135 million, assuming the park is closed for two months during Q2,
16606 clearly show that crowd-out is significant,
16607 I do realize for some of us, including me, who have been praying for this moment for years, today is a massive watershed,
16608 I felt comfortable asking him any questions I had about my health,
16609 growing potential to disrupt international travel during UW-Madison's Spring Break.
16610 It is gratifying to see this research continue to bear our initial findings and support the hypothesis we began with five years ago. This reinforces not only how effective reference pricing is at the time of implementation, but how its ability to drive cost-savings grows over time to benefit both employers and patients.
16611 Next year, a new opportunity.
16612 Some people have longer horizons than others and that creates some opportunities. There is a reason Warren Buffet is sitting on $150 billion of cash, he's waiting for the recession... and he's also long negative skew,
16613 A political clash is unavoidable. Not even centrist politicians in Rome can acquiesce any longer,
16614 For example, the green energy union that we don't have and we should have. Public health and public education.
16615 He was there on top of me, I was at the time trying to push myself to the back of the bed. He just laid over me. I kept saying to him `what are you doing, stop' and he didn't. I felt like I was being hunted.
16616 made a personal promise that the 2014 referendum was a `once in a generation' vote
16617 Did you have any regard for the welfare of young women in your company in Bute House?
16618 In these circumstances, I don't even think I had an intent to cuddle. It's something that happened in tipsy circumstances and as soon as (Ms F) made it clear, by saying, `it's a bad idea,' I snapped out of it and said, `it's a very bad idea,' . We were still fully dressed.
16619 I didn't put it to one side because I thought it was nothing, it was because of who he was.
16620 Major economies around the world are preparing stimulus packages. A well-designed stimulus package could offer economic benefits and facilitate a turnover of energy capital which have huge benefits for the clean energy transition.
16621 Being the president of the G20 this year, one would expect that Saudi Arabia will provide a constructive support to the stabilisation of the global oil markets based on their past record,
16622 Black April in the history of the oil industry.
16623 In the next chapter, [ financial ] stimulus into the clean-energy transitions that will boost economies and the resilience of our energy systems must be at the heart of those packages,
16624 potentially far-reaching economic and social consequences.
16625 won't let Big Oil off the hook
16626 No energy company will be unaffected by clean energy transitions,
16627 At these prices we could see a halt to growth because many independent producers are already heavily indebted. But this situation could also lead to consolidation in the near future, which could bring further efficiency gains. The shale industry has proven its resilience again and again.
16628 I do not see a major impact of US-Iran tensions unless oil supply is disrupted. We expect the United States of America to remain the largest producer of crude oil in the world in 2020-2021,
16629 It is evidence that clean energy transitions are underway.
16630 This is especially true in China, the largest energy consumer in the world, which accounted for more than 80 per cent of global oil demand growth last year. While the repercussions of the virus are spreading to other parts of the world, what happens in China will have major implications for global energy and oil markets.
16631 The coronavirus crisis is adding to uncertainties the global oil industry faces as it contemplates new investments and business strategies,
16632 NATO currently has around 16,000 troops in Afghanistan and we are ready to adjust that force level if the Taliban is able to demonstrate the will and real ability to reduce violence and we see a path to peace,
16633 Russia has every right to feel safe within its borders, but so do our member states,
16634 And we remain in close contact with the Iraqi authorities.
16635 The Spanish Senate has just ratified North Macedonia's accession to #NATO. With that, all Allies have welcomed our soon-to-be 30th member. Congratulations, North Macedonia!,
16636 The best response to disinformation and propaganda is a free and independent press, is the work of journalists,
16637 What we see is that there are both challenges and opportunities related to the rise of China. And I welcome the fact that NATO allies are now together addressing both the opportunities, but also the challenges,
16638 Joint Declaration between the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and the United States of America for Bringing Peace to Afghanistan
16639 With that, all allies have welcomed our soon-to-be 30th member,
16640 One powerful way to regulate that inequality is with sharply progressive income taxation on very high incomes. What we're trying to do in the book is to help the American public reconnect with this tradition. What we're saying is, `Look, that's your history.
16641 Wealth Taxation and Wealth Accumulation: Theory and Evidence from Denmark,
16642 What's going to be essential is the government response -- the scale, the rapidity of the response,
16643 shut down the country for the next 30 days and close borders.
16644 We saw the tsunami coming and the sellers of CDS insurance were not similarly concerned.
16645 With exponential compounding, every day we postpone the shutdown costs thousands, and soon hundreds of thousands, and then millions of lives, and destroys the economy,
16646 We may nail it, or we may miss it; that doesn't matter this time. What matters is buying into new positions, starting now, if you're ready. If you're not ready, get ready.
16647 the many hundreds who have suffered serious injury
16648 We've seen the beginning of cultural change with the independent directors but this is not an instant solution,
16649 Let there be no doubt, I knew the cameras were there and I didn't want the cameras... I wanted to be in the camera shots with Katie Taylor
16650 reached a point where it is increasingly difficult to reduce road deaths further
16651 Or with other groups, there's other groups looking at the present time, talking to me, talking to others to see if we would form an alliance. But the main thing is I suppose to get re-elected,
16652 The only way to respond to these needless deaths and injuries on our roads is through action not words. While families and friends grieve the loss of their loved one, we must as a society all respond with deeds, to prevent it happening to others,
16653 crawl back to the hole I came out of and never stand before the people again
16654 I was at the station at 7am this morning to welcome the Gardai. I have always stressed the need for community Gardai here and I praise the community for keeping the faith that the station would reopen,
16655 We know that in many countries health systems are weak,
16656 And also to apply well-targeted measures, primarily focusing on the health system to absorb that enormous stress that comes from coronavirus. And on people, businesses and the financial system, I am very pleased to say that when we went through countries' responses, that sense of targeted fiscal measures is there and are also very impressive to see the size of these measures,
16657 The truth is that uncertainty is becoming the new normal,
16658 We're now in recession, it is way worse than the global financial crisis,
16659 A family-operated restaurant in a tourism-reliant country, or the employees of a factory shut down because of a local quarantine will need support to weather the crisis.
16660 is on the lower end.
16661 Even before the spread of Covid-19 and the dramatic health, economic, and financial disruptions it has brought, IMF members confronted a rapidly evolving world and complex policy issues,
16662 We look forward to a collaborative process of engagement between Argentina and its private creditors with a view to reaching an agreement that commands high creditor participation,
16663 Marginal tax rates can be raised without sacrificing economic growth.
16664 prematurely into a conclusion.
16665 It is too early to say, because we don't yet quite know what is the nature of this virus. We don't know how quickly China will be able to contain it. We don't know whether it will spread to the rest of the world,
16666 And will help them channel more of their scarce financial resources towards vital emergency medical and other relief efforts
16667 For the analogy to stop right there and go no further, acting together in a coordinated manner is absolutely critical.
16668 pandemic continues its deadly march around the world,
16669 The good news is that financial systems are more resilient than before the global financial crisis. However, our biggest challenge right now is handling uncertainty,
16670 We had a six percent growth target for China, and now comes the coronavirus,
16671 We see some indirect impacts building up around manufacturing, value chains being impacted by the disruption caused by the virus,
16672 Demand is falling due to higher uncertainty, increasing precautionary behaviour,
16673 we are determined to use as much as necessary in protecting the economy.
16674 The outlook for global growth is negative for 2020, and perhaps a worse recession is expected, as in the time of the global financial crisis. We expect recovery in 2021,
16675 What we can say for certain is we have moved into the territory of more dire scenarios... as long as we don't know the duration of this [ coronavirus ] outbreak, we'll be in a higher uncertainty space,
16676 the call of the Lebanese people.
16677 I reported to the G20 that even in the case of rapid containment of the virus, growth in China and the rest of the world would be impacted,
16678 to do more, do it better, do it faster than ever before.
16679 Another factor is that the economic growth level will be lower than the country's production capacity, resulting in a low level of demand.
16680 We are injecting liquidity to make sure the rupiah is able to meet banks' needs and foreign exchange is adequate in the money market,
16681 She will handle a better development policy for emerging markets, including Indonesia,
16682 as soon as possible and no later than Sunday, March 22,
16683 but they are prone to exaggeration.
16684 We've got to wait to see it. Meantime, you act as if it could be happening.
16685 Governing Council stands ready to adjust monetary policy further if required
16686 We honestly don't know what's coming our way.
16687 There is a sense on Bay Street (Toronto's financial district) that the Canadian economy is soft and that the Bank of Canada is more likely to cut rates than hike, yet nothing we have heard from the Bank of Canada has confirmed that,
16688 These actions are meant to buttress that confidence and get us a bridge across the trouble,
16689 failed to prevent [ it ].
16690 If households have run down their savings and had to dip into retirement savings, or are behind on their bills, and have higher debt and lower wealth, their spending patterns are not likely to go back to what they were.
16691 would not completely rule out the use
16692 I think a `V' is possible, but I am worried that the outcome will be worse and it really depends to my mind on just how much damage is down during the time that the economy is shut down in the way it is now,
16693 could be threatened by what strikes me as an increasing tendency for participants to take strong stands in public on ongoing debates about appropriate policy,
16694 If this pandemic continues, we might have to do it again in a month,
16695 The first step is to find the kind of a desired state that we want and achieve. Then from there we say who should be in the driving seat for the alliance. I am not desperate for a position. My motivation is to ensure that the mission to rescue Malawi is accomplished,
16696 It will not make sense to go it alone and then later hold a run off election because we have failed to secure the 50 plus 1 majority vote. It is better to join hands now so that we win with a 60 plus 12 percent majority vote [ Malawians should be governed by a president elected by a majority of voters ],
16697 The President dies and I take over,
16698 I want to assure Malawians that UTM government water and electricity will be free as we will remove the conncetion fee. People will only be paying there monthly bills,
16699 The future has a lot of uncertainty. It can be good or it can be bad. Education is a way to prepare us with the ability to cope with our challenges and grasp opportunities for betterment.
16700 You cannot explain the very high shares of kids from high-income families solely by saying they are the ones who have higher test scores,
16701 a great deal of problems with the build-up of debt and the distortion of companies' and households' balance sheets
16702 For shipping, costs are also already on the rise. IMO2020, which requires vessels to use low sulphur fuels, has already kicked in and whether or not shipping companies are able to pass the costs through to customers (which so far has been the case, but it is too soon to de-risk it) could affect earnings.
16703 Buy it, and you'll owe $90,000 in sales tax up front.
16704 I didn't know any of you and haven't met any of you before, and I didn't even know the 32nd person. But one thing that I know is that she is a lady,
16705 It was the moment consecrated in time and memory that I sought to make good on doing my part -- however big or however small -- to ensure the promise of `Never Again, '
16706 poppy colors began to be saturated and I began to see the depravement.
16707 superhero, in some way.
16708 It will be easier to cut back expenses in your 50s than it will be in your 60s,
16709 it will blow your knickers off
16710 I think `Once' is the most unique song on that record,
16711 I intend to retire as solo artist after album no3 as I have just had a call from my brother begging me to start Oasis again in 2022 if you believe in life after love c'mon you know LG x. [ sic ]
16712 I always look at United man, I can't be a -- about Liverpool, you know what I mean?
16713 Me n RKid have been self-isolating for 10 years c'mon a couple of months ain't f *** ing hurt. (sic)
16714 We've been offered 100 million pounds for a tour still not enough for the greedy soul, oh well stay young LG.
16715 F *** that s *** man we'll smash the c ** tz in court.
16716 It's `not fashionable in progressive circles' because progressives are rejecting the bogus arguments about debt and deficits that have been used to undermine the progressive agenda for decades,
16717 protect Pakistan's people and economy
16718 The engagement of those proposition bets, either streaming down the side of the screen or as a crawl along the bottom, and you'll have some type of interactivity -- I think that will bring people further into the game, but is going to require us to get even better at collecting data from the field so that we can create very interesting and unique proposition bets.
16719 The high levels of deficits we discovered was disheartening. We are making it clear that unless this is addressed, it will be difficult for this Agenda to be realized,
16720 The values of these companies conflict with the Enlightenment values on which this country was founded,
16721 They do it because it gives them massive political influence.
16722 bringing the impacts of climate change to the mainstream of private financial decision making and to support the transition to a net-zero carbon economy
16723 However, the coronavirus poses evolving risks to economic activity. In light of these risks and in support of achieving its maximum employment and price stability goals, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) decided today to lower the target range for the federal funds rate.
16724 prove large but will ultimately be temporary
16725 Transition risk has become more important.
16726 After Brexit, the UK will look to tailor risk weights for lending to facts on the ground in the UK,
16727 We will be looking at economic impact of coronavirus very closely.
16728 We expect to see one or two quarters of impact on growth from coronavirus. Prospect is that coronavirus will cause disruption, not destruction to the economy
16729 It confirms that the Fed sees the economy going down... very sharply
16730 It enables fiscal policy, it doesn't judge it,
16731 Texas McCombs and Brene are a perfect fit,
16732 George embodied so much of what one looks for in an academic leader. He had vision and was a fierce advocate for the school, he took risks and pushed for changes he believed in, and he galvanized support around key initiatives he knew would leave the school in a better place. And, in much the same way, those of us who worked with and knew George were also left the better for it. I was fortunate to work for him as a graduate student and later as a faculty member, and I am grateful to be able to see us build on his efforts and continue to capitalize on the legacy he left for our school and its community.
16733 The direct cost of the health intervention, I don't think is huge. Now if there is a big recession, the lost revenue from that will be a big issue.
16734 The economic damage is mounting across all countries, tracking the sharp rise in new infections and containment measures put in place by governments,
16735 As countries implement necessary quarantines and social distancing practices to contain the pandemic, the world has been put in a Great Lockdown. The magnitude and speed of collapse in activity that has followed is unlike anything experienced in our lifetimes.
16736 worst recession since the Great Depression, and far worse that the global financial crisis,
16737 This reflects downward revisions for South Africa, where structural constraints and deteriorating public finances are holding back business confidence and private investment,
16738 It continues to rely on recoveries in stressed and underperforming emerging market economies, as growth in advanced economies stabilises at close to current levels.
16739 The COVID-19 pandemic has pushed the world into a recession. For 2020 it will be worse than the global financial crisis,
16740 took this decision to support the economy as it responds to the global coronavirus outbreak
16741 major economic problem and it's having deep ramifications for financial systems right around the world
16742 We operate a corridor system under the cash rate. Under that system, the balances that the banks hold at the RBA overnight in exchange settlement accounts earn an interest rate 25 basis points below the cash rate,
16743 the bank stands ready to purchase Australian government bonds in the secondary market to support the smooth functioning of that market, which is a key pricing benchmark for the Australian financial system.
16744 We are active daily in identifying potential threats and shutting them down and we work closely with all the authorities,
16745 These various responses are providing considerable support to Australian households and businesses through what is a very difficult period. The Australian financial system is resilient. It is well capitalised and in a strong liquidity position, with these financial buffers available to be drawn down if required to support the economy,
16746 it's another blow especially people who go above and beyond to get bonus interest rates because they are the ones to take the biggest hit
16747 China is a larger part of the global economy [ now compared to 2003 ] and it is more closely integrated, including with Australia,
16748 What we do know is the Australian economy is remarkably resilient.
16749 The board took this decision to support the economy as it responds to the global coronavirus outbreak.
16750 The norm is now 1 to 1.5 per cent and partly that's coming from the decisions that are being taken by the state governments,
16751 We saw during the GFC, big businesses were very good at doing all sorts of things to keep people employed, such as reducing employee hours. But what worries me is small businesses -- that's where the real risk is here.
16752 And it won't be fair... you start digging around too much in fairness it will become impossible to get in this place quickly.
16753 While the identities of the attackers remain unclear, what is clear is that many of the attacked were activists, and neither the government-appointed administration nor the police intervened,
16754 When officers of the administrative service resign their dream jobs because they do not believe they can serve in good faith, they are living testimony that the sacrifices made by the generations that got us freedom still inspire emulation,
16755 We need to spend money on medical supplies, ventilators, masks -- on getting protective equipment for medical workers. That means getting every resource in -- be it private, public, defence or retired. And quickly. All this will require fiscal resources and this is the higher priority,
16756 So this is something we started in 2015, and it's 2020, 5 years is too long for it,
16757 And when a Bollywood actress registers her silent protest by meeting with the victims of the attack on JNU, even though she puts attendance at her latest movie at risk, she inspires us all to take stock of what is truly at stake,
16758 If, however, the government insists on driving everything from the Prime Minister's Office, with the same overworked people, it will do too little, too late,
16759 2020 will be the super year for nature. Circularity has a big role in shaping a world where nature and people thrive together,
16760 2020 is not a `year of conferences,' but a real opportunity for us to stop and indeed reverse ecological devastation.
16761 As I said last year, consumer guarantees remains the number one issue that the ACCC and the Australian Consumer Law regulators have to deal with.
16762 In these exceptional times, fuel companies will be allowed to co-ordinate the scheduling of fuel import, storage and delivery to maintain and increase supplies and minimise the risk of shortages,
16763 Consumers should respond immediately when contacted by their manufacturer. Sometimes manufacturers will not have the latest contact information for the owners of these cars, so people who suspect their cars are affected should contact the manufacturer themselves,
16764 The ACCC's concern was that with this merger, mobile data prices will be higher than they would be otherwise.
16765 operate in an already concentrated market, and not many other mortgage aggregators offer a similar level or type of service.
16766 The ACCC cannot control the petrol prices companies set, but we can call out problematic price-setting, which can influence company behaviour,
16767 We hope this temporary measure will also support airlines' ability to again compete with each other on these routes once the pandemic crisis has passed.
16768 There's a lot of potential for unconscionable conduct, where people are obviously in a very disadvantaged situation,
16769 At the end of the day what we have is landmark legislation that has no precedent in the country,
16770 825 biggest companies in Seattle would pay the tax
16771 Banks tend to blame the lack of profitability on external conditions, pointing to negative interest rate policies,
16772 Considering the pace of change driven by the fourth industrial revolution, we must invest in re-directing and re-skilling our labour force. We must, and we will, prepare young people for the jobs of the future, not the jobs of the past,
16773 In Ethiopia, we're currently preparing a 45 million U.S. dollars project in support of the government of Ethiopia's bold Seqota Declaration to eradicate the underlying causes of chronic under-nutrition and end stunting among children under five years by 2030,
16774 preferential treatment for Nigeria and Nigerians
16775 Even relative to some of our new policy rate forecasts, we think the risk is on the downside, at least in terms of timing. Specifically, we see a high risk that the easing we expect over the next several weeks occurs in coordinated fashion, perhaps as early as the coming week,
16776 will allow us to reopen the economy soon
16777 If you were to ask what's the one thing we really know from suicide research in the US, that would be it,
16778 is nothing like enough to reflect the hit.
16779 Our base case here is that a full-blown war between the U.S. and Iran is unlikely, though we appreciate the old adage that nothing brings a country together more effectively than an external threat,
16780 That would seem to suggest that the net effect of higher prices on the U.S. would be to depress economic growth, but recent experience points in the opposite direction, because oil sector capital expenditure, in the era of shale, is acutely sensitive to prices, even in the short term.
16781 As a share of the workforce, jobless claims have never been lower; the weekly data extend back to 1948. The stability of the trend should mean that it is relatively easy to identify a change after the emergence of the coronavirus; we are braced for an up-shift in the next couple of months,
16782 Under normal circumstances it's an insane policy which can lead to hyper-inflation,
16783 a great start rather than a complete job.
16784 Everywhere you would look for reassurance, for leadership, for policy action, for reliable information -- all are absent.
16785 almost all the recent surge in jobless claims will hit April
16786 businesses genuinely were disturbed by the intensification of the trade war in the spring and late summer.
16787 This is another number certain to drop further.
16788 Total layoffs between the March and April payroll surveys look destined to reach perhaps 16 to 20 million, consistent with the unemployment rate leaping to 13 to 16 per cent. In one month.
16789 Slower productivity growth constrains the real component of nominal wage growth. At the same time, people have been very reluctant to push for bigger pay increases, probably as a consequence of the trauma inflicted by the crash of 2008.
16790 Iran right now is reeling from the assassination, but the leadership is dominated by hardliners and the question is how, not whether, they will respond. For markets, the key issue is the impact of the Iranian response on oil prices,
16791 The catastrophe has hit home
16792 Nineteen years later, we employ more than 1,500 people - including engineers, sales leaders and AI researchers-across three offices in Waterloo, Toronto and Montreal. Today we are pleased to announce that we're expanding our presence in Canada...
16793 There is extraordinary momentum up here. You put against that the extraordinary, homegrown talent, the openness of the Canadian market and the strength that we have,
16794 Our job is to study and recommend. We cannot and should not step into the domain of the executive,
16795 collective submergence of individual egos and ambitions
16796 Maybe the way we (Indians) use non-veg is not the same as the manner in which Americans use it,
16797 The Congress should not outsource its thinking. It should think on its own,
16798 The decision of the Central government is binding upon the Information Commissioners. This allows unbridled and uncanalised discretionary power to the Central Government that jeopardises the independence of Information Commissioners,
16799 This is a deliberate negligence,
16800 takes a sledgehammer to decades of legal precedence and puts our communities at risk
16801 cannot be considered the template for future trade negotiations.
16802 He didn't do real well and then ran in the New Hampshire primary, and he didn't do so well. And then caught fire in places like South Carolina, Nevada, and other states.
16803 came expecting that the Republicans would come out all guns blazing and fire and brimstone, and I think they got a message from some of their Republican brethren that that would not be helpful.
16804 We're not going away from this debate. We just could not criminalize such a broad activity,
16805 Thankfully, the explosion did not result in the large-scale release of hydrofluoric acid, which could have caused mass casualties.
16806 Budgets are a reflection of priorities, and this is in no way a responsible governing proposal,
16807 The results suggest that if the carbon dioxide level increases by 1 percent, floods and storms would increase by nearly 9 percent,
16808 To substantiate why GST has been a massive failure, it is interesting to note that in 2018-19, approximately Rs 30,000 crore were to be collected from GST, both States and Centre together. But what was collected? Rs 24,000 crore. This shortfall of Rs 6,000 crore -- a huge 20 per cent because the whole system is faulty.
16809 The states are getting squeezed. The cess is being constantly increased -- it was six per cent in 2013-14 and now it stands at 18 per cent. This is against the federal structure of the country. It is a paradigm shift and federalism in the country is being challenged
16810 We need to act immediately because the locusts don't wait, they will come and they will destroy,
16811 Monetary and fiscal measures do not help when you have no food and water safety,
16812 a very sharp decline in trade
16813 We may have a wide range of geopolitical shocks between the US and China, global cyber warfare,
16814 much more severe for China and the rest of the world than investors have expected.
16815 The data for these two worlds is literally released on different days and we don't have that conversation at once,
16816 The Health System We'd Have if Economists Ran Things,
16817 There is a need to understand what does the growth mean,
16818 These programs have been drastically underfunded for decades,
16819 We need to pay people to stay at home,
16820 And no one knows how long it's going to last.
16821 To borrow the wonderful English phrase, GDP does what it says on the tin,
16822 though it's not always a smooth transition. The U.S. economy is not 140 million unemployed farmers, right?
16823 To use a rule of thumb, if the product you're making is less valuable than the offsets, then that's a bad sign,
16824 We expect State Duma deputies to take active part in implementing it,
16825 The tax will not apply to deposits as such, it concerns only interest income on them, and the first 60,000 rubles of interest income will not be taxed,
16826 Proactive preventative measures we already took in February have reduced the spread of the new coronavirus in Russia,
16827 all the necessary medications, protective means to counter the coronavirus spread,
16828 We have to be cautious, and as for now, foreign investors will have to continue to wait for the resolution of a possible realignment of the country's political landscape,
16829 What the World Bank is doing is working to provide a fast, flexible response based on developing country needs,
16830 The World Bank is carefully targeting its support on high impact projects as the country works to tackle corruption and lift 100 million of its people out of poverty,
16831 There will be a lowering of forecasts for at least the first part of 2020, in part due to the China, in part due to the supply chains,
16832 Clearly, coronavirus is slowing growth in the first half of 2020. What the long-term consequences well have to see as the response occurs and the adjustments are made,
16833 strong actions from countries to improve rule of law and take on vested interests
16834 Beyond the health impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, we are expecting a major global recession.
16835 Why the coronavirus could threaten the U.S. economy even more than China's
16836 Access Bank remains committed to continually impacting communities we serve through the elimination of environmental and economic issues and by investing in activities that have a strong impact on the social structure of these communities,
16837 We need to reduce the cost of doing business: the cost of doing business can actually affect everybody. I can tell you the truth, the government lost so much money last year in the traffic logjam of Apapa alone. We as a company, our three companies lost over N30 billion in terms of profits, which means the government will also collect less taxes. So we need to look at infrastructure, we need to look at power.
16838 the Bonds would deliver increased visibility for issuers, as cross-listing improves the green bond issuers' access to a deep pool of green capital domestically and internationally.
16839 Recessions are caused by business being canceled, not by business delayed,
16840 California's share of national personal income has never been higher than it is right now,
16841 Here, more or less, the administration is basically saying, `Please start recklessly lending,
16842 we will come out into a much more automated world.
16843 If you look beyond the 4.50 per cent there are indicators that things can go even worse in the immediate-run,
16844 Growing a garden will make you feel good and make you feel in control, and that's worth a lot,
16845 The pressure is real. Canadians expect industry to make a change.
16846 There's a considerable amount of people who are starting to be pickier when it comes to meat,
16847 One of the things I like about some of the design here is we don't have to know. We don't have to be that smart,
16848 The economic growth in Germany could be somewhat lower than estimated in December,
16849 To some extent, markets are used to turbulence in the Middle East. It usually hurts global confidence, growth and markets only if it drives up oil prices significantly on a sustained basis,
16850 paying the price for its inadequate welfare net,
16851 The sharp downturn will be followed by a slightly flatter upturn that ultimately goes beyond the pre-coronavirus level of GDP,
16852 We have got to be more thoughtful.
16853 And in each conversation that I had with the members of this body, what was very, very clear -- over and over again -- was that we didn't talk politics. We talked solutions,
16854 It's not one policy,
16855 You cannot teach those things. The law school should be proud of these students and all of the professors who work hard with law students in their clinical programs. The University of Wyoming law school is accepting and turning out the right kind of lawyers.
16856 Can you feel it in your toes...?
16857 dramatically raising interest rates into the summer of 1987, draining liquidity and flattening the yield curve.
16858 It's the uncertainty for what the virus is engendering that's creating market chaos, but the important thing is that it's a fading virus,
16859 Even a policymaker who declares that surprising the markets won't deter her from following appropriate policy might find that this declaration is not time consistent when faced with such a choice,
16860 Appropriate actions taken by other parties, including global public health officials and fiscal authorities, would likely do more to support confidence and spending,
16861 I'm pretty happy with where policy is at the moment, and we'll have to wait and see,
16862 The economy has been performing well and I expect that to continue,
16863 obviously, a better number would have been very welcome, but I think it's very consistent with what we've been seeing
16864 Many people criticised us, they said this is a kind of treasure chest, that the finance ministry is sitting on gold,
16865 Moving your investments to cash may sound safe, but placing it all in cash or a money market account that earns little and is eroded by inflation is certainly not safe.
16866 One step in front of each other,
16867 These are unprecedented times, and these are scary times, and of course it's not going to be business as usual,
16868 so much so in fact that a further interest rate cutting even deeper into negative territory is no longer being ruled out.
16869 There is certainly a lesson for having a safety net so that so that if you're facing a pandemic, you could treat everyone and really have a framework [ so ] people aren't afraid to come in and you can treat everyone,
16870 You don't have enough money to buy stuff and the government makes a transfer to you, that's great -- but not if you're hiding under the bed.
16871 Though we cut the corporate tax rate, we will widen our tax base and maximise our spending so that there is no economic shock. This must be maintained because there is a global economic slowdown,
16872 We are prepared to put on an amazing show and get everything ready with what should be an amazing matchup between two great teams,
16873 You can hear it around us. And there's a lot more work to go.
16874 We have upwards of 6,000 people working behind the scenes to get everything set up,
16875 It's gon na be extra special in terms of added moments in the pre-game show and other things that are gon na be happening that are just gon na make the Super Bowl that much more special than it always is,
16876 We do see some initial signs of underlying inflation going up very, very, very slowly but it's too early to be optimistic about that,
16877 We must keep our footprint as small as we can and limit the number of people in one place to protect the health and well-being of our people and keep our industry viable during these unprecedented times,
16878 stay at home so the government knows where you are and where we need services
16879 But you would expect to see that there'd be not just inbound effects, but outbound effects.
16880 We're excited to create a media hub that will include 91.5 KRCC, Colorado Public Radio, Rocky Mountain PBS and CC's Journalism Institute,
16881 While women had briefly been more than half during the Great Recession, this was due to the massive job loss in the male-dominated construction and manufacturing sectors,
16882 Savings from deregulation of prescription drugs and internet access as a share of household income are eight times greater for the bottom fifth of households than for the top fifth,
16883 was caused by a lack of demand, pure and simple,
16884 an unprecedented global shock, which could bring growth to a halt and could increase poverty across the region,
16885 Lockdowns will inflict significant economic pain on those least able to take care of themselves,
16886 appalled by what is going on
16887 It is being made available to financial entities to channel US$ 622 million, in addition to the injections in the exchange market that the Central Bank has made through the electronic currency platform,
16888 The pact has never recovered and is now breached frequently,
16889 They can't see our faces. They can't see us smile,
16890 This would make integration into the labor market about a year quicker than we had noticed with earlier refugee movements to Germany,
16891 If a different name is used & especially a name typically used by different religions will send a Legal Notice.
16892 The government needs to clarify if IB officer Sharma was targeted and killed at the behest of AAP's Tahir because Sharma was tailing him for Tahir's Bangladesh terrorists connection. If true it becomes very very serious matter,
16893 If you were to suggest following the Indonesian practice for the rupee which God you will choose?
16894 biggest madness of the 21st century
16895 If the president decides to go 180 on us and open by Easter, that will create chaos and confusion. That is the prescription for a depression,
16896 There are numerous reports of laid-off workers unable to file for unemployment insurance because so many people are trying to file at the same time. Millions of job losses are likely in coming weeks.
16897 I view it like climate change,
16898 Unemployment on Election Day is going to be high single digits. If he's lucky, it will be five or six percent,
16899 If the economy slows to a degree we start seeing job losses, the mortgage rates won't be enough to offset the ill effects of that weakness,
16900 It may very well be needed.
16901 ultimately, it's an easy choice,
16902 Less pervasive variants result in wasted resources, increased inequity in resource distribution, less political competition, and greater distrust of government.
16903 They were especially worried about the removal of prayer from schools and about the issues of civil rights, feminism, gay rights and abortion,
16904 They're going to rely on the impossibility of monitoring that to get away with wholesale violations, because I just cannot imagine that anything the Chinese sign will be remotely verifiable.
16905 but it's very difficult to see where's there's been a major downturn, or frankly any downturn at all. There was definitely a soft patch in the middle of 2019 and you can also see signs in these figures that manufacturing, at least as it's measured by these durable goods orders, is slowly, but surely, moving out of that soft patch.
16906 we will continue to see discontent, with far-reaching consequences for economic growth, the green transition, trade and geopolitics,
16907 I don't think you can just give psilocybin alone,
16908 I've been down there to see him. Tua is a great player. I just worry about his health,
16909 I think two months ago, they had announced a policy rate cut. So, the RBI has to consider what is the best thing for the country at the moment and they will decide,
16910 There will be a major fluctuation in some [ home sales ] data,
16911 First, there is the financial market turmoil in the stock market. So naturally that brings caution.
16912 Faster price appreciation in warmer, southern states reflect the ongoing migratory trend of people moving out of expensive regions of the country to more affordable parts,
16913 NAR is expecting 2020 to be a great year for housing,
16914 Transportation stocks are a leading indicator of anxiety. Travel plans are the first thing that people are canceling,
16915 We don't know how bad this will be and we don't know how it will flow back to banks.
16916 When you coach the father and then coach his son and then the son's son, that's how long my brother's been coaching,
16917 With the world at such a critical crossroads, this year we must develop a `Davos Manifesto 2020' to reimagine the purpose and scorecards for companies and governments,
16918 We hope it will also serve as a call to action to engage in the visionary and bold leadership required to build a new social mobility agenda for growing, sustainable and inclusive economies that provide opportunity for all.
16919 hang-ups on the climate issue
16920 The die is already cast on your government and, if you continue as you have been doing, time will not be your friend,
16921 Reluctantly, therefore, we are forced to conclude that the actions announced on Monday by Scottish Rugby represent a reasonable way to protect the long-term employment of our membership, while addressing the immediate financial challenges facing the sport in Scotland.
16922 Tech companies have done a lot of great things, but they seem to be saying everyone should just trust them and democratically elected governments don't really have a role,
16923 research would dry up.
16924 The storm went right through the two houses there,
16925 This virus and the economic downdraft likely accelerate adjustments to global trade that were going to take place anyway,
16926 We are very open-minded at this stage as to the various financing options,
16927 in the short-term, these nations will have ostensibly safeguarded their security, but in the long term, they will adversely affect cooperation with China across all areas.
16928 Despite a challenging beginning in 2020, we are confident of the underlying fundamentals of the Chinese economy, and continue to feel excited about the opportunities globally as well. During the recent novel coronavirus outbreak, we took immediate actions to take care of our customers and partners, while taking on necessary financial impact in the near term.
16929 Our company not only has roots in Iowa and a headquarters just down the road, we also have a number of Hawkeye alumni on staff. That makes Hotel Chauncey a special opportunity to create an asset for a community that has supported our work for many years.
16930 The reality is protectionism has come back somewhat similar to what we saw in the 1930s. And so it's just fueling the flames of this antagonism between trading partners,
16931 This rally in equity markets is probably too far too fast, and there are probably still downside risks from here,
16932 Investors have largely taken the view that the impact will be temporary, hopefully short-lived, and that most of the weakness should be reversed with a strong rebound in the quarters that follow,
16933 We defined military occupational blast (MOB) as repeated, low-level blast exposures that do not result in a concussion,
16934 Amidst all the coronavirus scare.. happy to sit in the lounge at 5pm.. free... can't remember when I did last..
16935 But there were guys that really took it hard on the team to the point that it affected their performance.
16936 There were moments in the season where you really had to prepare (to be a champion). If we didn't have Calgary, I guess we had the Flyers and the Islanders, but you only played them twice a year. It was in-season playoff training, and hardening and all that stuff.
16937 His approval rating is still lower than it should be with a president with this type of record of accomplishment,
16938 Exit polls for 5 southern states that @JoeBiden won (Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia) found that young voters did not show up at the polls in the numbers they did in 2016.
16939 This is a political issue as well. We have expressed our concerns to the government,
16940 We figured that because there wasn't any other, we might as well call it the nationals,
16941 As we can see already with the trade war between the United States and China, commercial policy is going to be an important tool within this great power competition,
16942 If they do that, then I reckon a lot of sins will be forgiven,
16943 In due time we'll have things back up and going.
16944 Since launching in 2017, Qsuite has received a host of accolades -- most recently `World's Best Business Class' in the Skytrax World Airline Awards 2019 -- and a hugely positive response from our customers.
16945 Doha Jewellery & Watches exhibition is one of the biggest events in Qatar, offering visitors the opportunity to experience the quality and craftsmanship of hundreds of the world's finest gemstones and jewellery collections all under one roof. It helps attract tens of thousands of tourists to Doha each year -- including celebrities, media, and industry influencers,
16946 So indeed, it's a big blow to the Chinese economy, and the world,
16947 The EBS system has the ability to change the performance characteristics with a `keystroke, '
16948 at the low end of a range I consider consistent with our price-stability mandate.
16949 Rate cuts last year were well-timed, with current policy stance appropriate as long as economic data remains broadly consistent with the current outlook.
16950 We are going to be planning to scale back those T-bill purchases in June,
16951 I don't think when you ask folks they're pricing in that rate cut, even though market pricing might suggest that,
16952 I think there actually is a lower bound for the policy rate,
16953 number of different formulas for us to play
16954 So we will get to 8 per cent but I think if we want to get to that extra 2 per cent to 10 per cent, then we need an economy which is open, competes in the global marketplace,
16955 Given the dream of an ideal world that the socialist ideology offers, the young are naturally drawn to it. This attraction is reinforced by antimarket ideas that their teachers in colleges impart them,
16956 We're big recipients of federal money for research funding,
16957 I don't think we're at the absolute bottom yet because the implications of this shutdown are incredible,
16958 It is very important, therefore, for the Indian government to open its doors widely to such industries for investment in India,
16959 If people have done very well for themselves, I don't see any great need to give them an award.
16960 India's outreach in the US has been more productive, because his teammates have followed his style of-what I call `honest diplomacy,' and which he calls `preventative diplomacy' ,
16961 Many members have been unable to reach Islamabad from their constituencies,
16962 Safety, efficacy, and durability of protection (long-lasting) are the expected characteristics of our GV-MVA-VLPTM vaccine platform. Our platform has a demonstrated track record of safety in humans through our HIV vaccine program, and the preclinical testing results we've seen with our HIV, Ebola and Zika vaccines leads us to believe that our COVID-19 vaccine will demonstrate a similarly strong efficacy and durability profile.
16963 Therefore, additional escalation in US-Iranian tensions could further boost gold prices. All in all, we stick with our three, six and 12-month forecast of $1,600 / toz but see upside risks if geopolitical tensions worsen.
16964 traditional kinds of spying,
16965 Absent treatments or vaccines, the only way to acquire immunity is to become infected and recover,
16966 He completely took my breath away when I heard his voice on the other line and what he said to me,
16967 I was not looking for this fight, but once I heard repeated, credible reports from disgusted whistleblowers that Mr. Nygard was abusing young, vulnerable women, I could not ignore this disturbing information.
16968 What if many investors actually realize that... illiquid, very infrequently and inaccurately priced investments made them better investors as essentially it allows them to ignore such investments' given low measured volatility and very modest paper drawdowns?... What if investors are simply smart enough to know that they can take on a lot more risk (true long-term risk) if it's simply not shoved in their face every day (or multi-year period!)?
16969 Everyone miscalculated to a degree, but Russia expected a mild contraction and still thought they could gain market share.
16970 I could have got a hat-trick. It was a dream come true against the best team in the world. Going to Anfield is what it's all about,
16971 In the long run, I think the markets will come back. But don't ask me how long I think the long run is,
16972 The fact of the matter is that the economy has grown about as fast under President Trump so far in his first term as it did throughout President Obama's second term,
16973 The Trump administration is using sanctions against Iran and Venezuela to pressure those governments by inducing widespread suffering,
16974 I believe that if we recommend to Pope Francis, that with his leadership which is unique in the world, we will go out to find these funds, each of us will go knock on the door of our favorite billionaire, of our next door neighbors, people who can make a difference, we will get this done, even by May.
16975 There hasn't been a silver bullet.
16976 There was no need for us to call an emergency meeting,
16977 The SA government doesn't have a problem financing its deficits,
16978 I have always thought of myself as fundamentally a curious child,
16979 If we're looking at five years out or more I think these levels are probably still attractive. For a short-term trade, I'd probably say we're a little bit pricey right now,
16980 In the context of this pandemic, we need a new form of social insurance, one that directly targets and works through businesses,
16981 outcomes that are measured as extreme in one period just naturally become less extreme over time,
16982 The central bank is following due diligence while taking this initiative. It recently provided a licence to a new bank after scrutinising it in detail for three years,
16983 The government of Ghana needs to understand how and when people are moving
16984 There's no chance that the Fed raises rates and inflation goes higher in an election year. So you've got easy money, certainly through the election.
16985 It looks like we're set up for these parabolic moves,
16986 They must come and help train teachers, educate students and give them support, offer them internship opportunities, then they can be good enough for them,
16987 We are saying that those with free funds can apply for passports in Foreign Currency. We cannot dictate how people use their free funds,
16988 We're trying to get people active, because a lot of us are staying in. We're not moving around so much we want to just try to keep the spirits up and keep busy,
16989 among the latest prominent figures in Philadelphia professional sports to support The Philly Pledge.
16990 We're calling on the Government to lower the limit and implement an effective zero-tolerance on drink-driving, making clear to drivers that when you're behind the wheel, not a drop of alcohol is safe.
16991 And she'll also come along and help me demonstrate my craft and tools at woodworking and country shows.
16992 For some companies, that will translate into siginificant hiring. For others, it's probably less due to their product or service.
16993 Barrie is continuing to ensure our citizens stay home and stay safe,
16994 I hope I am going to be able to make a pitch for lifetime allowances
16995 I think you have to make the colleges a very central part of this. They have also been tremendously weakened and one of the things we said in our [ Augar ] review was that the government had to stop doing this and had to put money back in.
16996 I wish we could give a firm date for this celebration now, but I ask for your patience,
16997 There's been conversations with the Corporation, but the Corporation is not prepared to respond yet,
16998 If there is a need to intervene in the area of government bonds, measures will be taken,
16999 It's mass unemployment, it's about 20 to 40 per cent unemployment. This means that there are very few businesses to go to. There is a risk even of all this money being blown out that we are getting hyperinflation along with we have no demand in the economy,
17000 Phunware's enterprise cloud platform can deliver the digital transformation initiatives that Fortune 1000 companies must have in order to stay competitive in a mobile-first world.
17001 The amendments will be aimed at strengthening PCC's mandate and operations, keeping in mind that actions in its early years spell the basis for future enforcement actions,
17002 This will allow the Commission to efficiently use its resources towards other equally important elements of competition enforcement, including the conduct of cartel investigations, market monitoring and motu proprio merger review,
17003 We didn't have the reserves for that and we felt like it was just an answer to prayer,
17004 We need a consensus among managers, academics and policy-makers that this is a problem on the scale of global warming, preserving biodiversity, or pursuing gender equality.
17005 In some ways, the time pressure is secondary to the politics,
17006 It's a funhouse mirror that warps the reflection of the world,
17007 There has been a real effort to get the economy moving forward, and the worst of the shutdown is likely passed. Since the data confirms, more or less, what investors had envisioned from photos and anecdotes, there may not be an adverse reaction to the news,
17008 This is the time to support businesses and civilians, so the crisis doesn't deepen, and to allow businesses and markets to recover from the crisis quickly when the health restrictions are removed,
17009 We are entering the crisis in a good situation. Our situation is better than most of the world's economies. That said, there is a challenge here, but we believe we will be able to handle it successfully. Our purpose is to allow the economy to continue functioning, and that we will do with an immediate 10-billion-shekel package: We gave four million, and today we are adding another six million shekels to stabilise the economy.
17010 It is difficult to gauge because indices in December last year are important.
17011 Negative interest rates may also come to Norway,
17012 the slowdown will be sharper and more prolonged,
17013 There must be no special rules for the access to the EU single market.
17014 if we want to assure Iran it will benefit from not pursuing nuclear weapons we must establish a state-run oil trading organization.
17015 We're seeing more people with more severe symptoms now than we had been,
17016 to direct blind and partially sighted people
17017 Currently, the government is coordinating with counterparts in the Philippines as it has now become the domain of Philippine authorities,
17018 It's supposed to be a dependable store of value,
17019 probably are not yet dematerializing.
17020 Inflation scrambles the signals emitted by prices and therefore distorts decisions
17021 Revolution Church really focuses on life on mission which means helping the community you're in. So, we really try to pour into those communities and help wherever we can, whatever need we can meet... we meet,
17022 businesses will have to answer for how they treat their workers and suppliers.
17023 These systems are very difficult to secure, it's very difficult to guarantee any sort of anonymity or chain or custody around the vote such that you have strong auditability,
17024 He'll be dead before the long run. You've got to be a Margaret Thatcher, Ronald Reagan or... The best example is Singapore. Lee Kwan Yew and Deng (Xiaoping, China's late leader) are the people you want to emulate. In China, Deng was a big guy. (The Chinese economy) was like an onion. It was all red. The Communist party owned it all,
17025 How tight is the U.S. labor market?
17026 My greatest fear going into this election cycle is that we would have a bruising battle for the nomination and we would spend so much of our energy and so much of our resources on an internal party battle that by the time the convention rolled around we would be out of money and out of energy,
17027 the biggest urban movie ever
17028 We are all being asked to do our bit and if every Australian is conscious of minimising the risk to older Australians then we will see this through with limited consequences,
17029 We are taking responsibility and proposing these five measures to the government,
17030 Certainly it doesn't provide the market with any new information about China's actual currency practices,
17031 Tariffs to date have clearly had a significant impact on imports from China,
17032 I have nothing but praise for Disney. They were gracious, classy and paved the way for me to continue to build the company however we want.
17033 I think the issue is not that we should not borrow; we should borrow with care and if you look at our bit surplus, for example, were around 2billion dollars net. So, your challenge is to get appropriately priced funds at the right time to be able for you to do your transformation exercise which will then generate your resources,
17034 Amend the PRMA to allow a withdrawal from the Ghana Heritage Fund to undertake emergency expenditures in periods of national emergency. There is an estimated US$ 591.1 million in the Ghana Heritage Fund.
17035 Not that that would erase all the challenges of being in predominantly White spaces, where your scholarship and your person may be challenged, but it can create some kind of outlet.
17036 the move to a subscription-based model of service delivery is born out of 10 years of experience and expertise in software testing. spriteCloud works with a wide range of organisations -- from lean start-ups to large multinational enterprises -- and we have seen many examples, at every level, of how software product quality and customer experience suffer when testing is not undertaken consistently.
17037 the winding back of support, against a backdrop of a high domestic exchange rate, the introduction of free trade agreements with other vehicle producing countries, and shifting consumer preferences ultimately forced the closure of domestic vehicle production
17038 While new risks could emerge, none of the main sources of recent recessions -- oil shocks, inflationary overheating, and financial imbalances -- seem too concerning for now,
17039 At this point in time, I suspect there are many thousands of individual cases in Northern Ireland.
17040 For instance, there's no skip on Sule Skerry, and certainly nowhere you can safely dispose of any large metal objects. And of course, there was the wildlife issue of which we needed to be very mindful.
17041 For the eighth straight year, this metal has gone into deficit.
17042 hobbled severely by the non-existence of a fiscal Europe, and specifically by the absence of a fiscal authority, fiscal facility, or fiscal arrangement that can recapitalize it should it suffer losses due to credit risk assumed as part of its monetary, liquidity, or credit-enhancing policies.
17043 Preserve history and tradition, but allow progress.
17044 The difference in 2020 is that Nigeria has reverted to normal budget cycle as early implementation of capital projects will add stimulus to the economy.
17045 The Fed's decision to cut its rate target by 50 bps is not surprising: for some days markets have been expecting a deeper cut than that; consequently had the Fed not announced a cut the decision would have amounted to disappointing news, which would have fueled further panic,
17046 They need to give it a little time before the schools close,
17047 This dedicated block has a separate entry and exit. Other blocks in the area are currently under construction. All facilities including water, power and the lift is currently available. The completion process is on and we are trying to meet the requirements of the district administration. They will first check if it is fit for the purpose. Also, there may be a possibility that the project is granted a temporary occupation certificate for the project to be used as a quarantine facility,
17048 We are in a very difficult moment, and many don't have the tools to deal with it. We need to think about the future and help people prepare better, not just for a macro shock which no one can face alone of this proportion, but more of the smaller shocks life is full of and that have implications for our society, implications for how resilient it is,
17049 You don't want to overly feed the darkness, but if you seem like all you do is happy talk then you lose credibility,
17050 Khamenei has to calibrate the response so that it is enough for Iran not to lose face but not so much that Iran loses its head,
17051 The sales department is working more remotely, but they have to come to the office for documents. The main requirement is to have at least two staff at the office if there are calls, etc.. Clients are also asking to cancel personal meetings.
17052 We realised we liked working together, and there was scope to take this away from one academic paper into something much broader,
17053 With even this being an understatement because the official survey preceded some of the more dramatic shutdowns that happened later in the month,
17054 a bonfire of unnecessary regulations.
17055 But businesses can't pay wages if they're being forced to shut down and have no revenue coming in the door,
17056 Poverty, Inequality and Inclusive Growth in India: 2011/12 -2017 / 18
17057 A short-term (12-18 months) increase in fiscal deficit will be accepted by capital markets, if they can be convinced that gains from efficiency and voluntary compliance will reduce the fiscal deficit over the next few years,
17058 The question I have been getting about COVID-19 is whether you should switch now to planning a home birth,
17059 We are a $150 million business, continue to forecast a profitable year, and our traffic continues to scale up,
17060 He was a great entertainer. He had a toxic tongue and would tell people what he really thought, but people loved him.
17061 One government had placed an order for 200 million masks from China. And what this did overnight to the price of masks was to treble them,
17062 Significant macroeconomic after-effects of the pandemics persist for about 40 years, with real rates of return substantially depressed,
17063 We are now trying to build an inclusive economy. But this will not be materialised by creating a bar on access to finance to the SME sector. We should rethink the whole process to implement the capping of interest rates.
17064 You can't call yourself the premier league in the world when your premier players aren't showing out,
17065 It is less than 5% now and unlikely to go above 5% next year. The $5-trillion target we have set requires 9% growth rate in real terms. Compared to the targets, we are nowhere near it,
17066 It was weird that the crime branch team asked us to give in writing if the attack was recorded on the CCTV cameras installed in the library. How can we saythat?
17067 Kung tayong mga tinawag ng Panginoon sa kanyang pangalan ay magpapakumbaba, mananalangin, hahanapin ang kanyang mukha at tatalikod sa kanilang mga kasalanan, ang sabi po ng Diyos, `Ako mula sa langit, pakikinggan ko ang inyong mga daing at pananalangin, patatawarin ko ang inyong mga kasalanan at pagagalingin ko ang inyong bayan' ,
17068 limited, and we continued to protect the most vulnerable, that may be acceptable for now. Also, let's see what happens in the next two-three weeks. We can also keep an eye on China as they begin to relax restrictions there.
17069 Spending on all of those categories has probably plummeted and much faster than our system catches it.
17070 The economy's performance makes the large and growing deficit all the more noteworthy,
17071 We project economic growth and job creation will continue over the coming decade but also a worrisome trajectory for the federal budget,
17072 wait years and years to naturalize, so they have ample time to learn to love our political ideals.
17073 We are working to ensure the safety of University personnel still in mainland China and Hong Kong.
17074 We need to change how we share out the value of carbon credits, especially when it comes to international solidarity. We need to establish fair prices,
17075 However sellers benefit from the words when the marketing attracts more buyers at the same time. Homes lacking descriptions sell for less money because the marketing does not promote the home.
17076 Obviously, Snap is the perfect partner for us,
17077 rising to unsustainable levels.
17078 We put a lot of weight on saving lives,
17079 For pre-retirees, even if you've got just one year until retirement, it's okay to have a substantial amount in stocks. Don't sell now. Give them time to come back,
17080 If the bias against immigrants is already high... even a small over-estimation of the share of free-loaders among immigrants can tilt preferences towards less redistribution. Similarly, if the bias against immigrants is high (or if the perceived share of free-loaders is high), even a small overestimation of the share of immigrants can reduce support for redistribution.
17081 So, even if the coronavirus crisis leads to a deep meltdown in terms of production, the chances of getting out of this recession rather sooner than later are much better than in the global financial crisis.
17082 the heart of the problem today,
17083 We know Zero Hunger will not be achieved just by giving people food. This is why our programmes work to empower women so they can be financially self-sufficient and make their own decisions. By giving women and men an equal voice and an equal say on issues affecting their families and communities we can eradicate hunger and malnutrition,
17084 [ t ] he Parties acknowledge that purchases will be made at market prices based on commercial considerations and that market conditions, particularly in the case of agricultural goods, may dictate the timing of purchases within any given year,
17085 Buffett figuratively took her (Vicki Hollub, CEO of Occidental Petroleum) to the cleanest. The Buffett deal was like taking candy from a baby and amazingly she even thanked him publicly for it! But you can't blame Warren, if Hollub was arrogant enough to negotiate a deal with Buffett of this magnitude despite her admittedly limited experience in M&A and the Board enough to rubber stamp it, then one might say in Warren's defense that it was almost his fiduciary duty to Berkshire Hathaway to accept it.
17086 Fossil fuels are fantastic, and they're not going to stop being fantastic, and the Earth's crust is full of them.
17087 International exchange and study abroad can be truly life-changing,
17088 motion all the activities we now associate with J&J's gold-standard reaction to a crisis in which human lives are at stake,
17089 Some pharmacies have increased prices to between 70 and 100 rubles ($1.59) whereas a mask would sell for 1.5 rubles before the New Year,
17090 will gather data necessary to enable health professionals to answer a few questions: What drugs, at what dosages when administered, are effective in treating or preventing the COVID-19 virus?
17091 China does not have enough competent family physicians,
17092 So, you can imagine the weather conditions, the waves crashing into the life boats.
17093 The nudge doesn't focus on changing minds. It focuses on the system.
17094 The objective of having an independent Commission is unique. The Commission has the function of representing the general interest. If you touch that, you modify the fundamental pillars of the EU architecture,
17095 To effectively win this agenda, we must ensure that as we import the arms, the arms are for peace and not to ensure that war continues.
17096 Africa accounts for 1% of global health expenditure
17097 could not think of something that would be worse than having the University refuse to bargain with a legally certified union.
17098 how do you keep the economy in a position where, when the virus goes away, we can recover quickly? We need to avoid a permanent loss of capital and business knowledge.
17099 sticking a high-tech institute in the middle of rural Idaho might not have multiplier effects if there is nothing to build on.
17100 The vaccine business in general represents 2 per cent of the global drug market,
17101 Whenever the next economic downturn or major risk market drawdown hits, policymakers will have even less policy capacity to maneuver, thus limiting their ability to fight future recessionary forces,
17102 a greater proportion of aid
17103 But in general I'm seeing that as a risk to my forecast. I haven't marked down my forecast because of it.
17104 I see it as a risk to the (economy's) outlook, but the fundamentals are still strong enough to support trend growth,
17105 There is the potential for a larger impact, through decreases in tourism and travel, reductions in consumer spending in China and by Chinese tourists elsewhere, disruptions in supply chains, and a pullback in investors' willingness to take on risk,
17106 gives us a baseline to watch, and look, and evaluate -- and then we'll determine whether policy moves -- one way or the other -- going forward,
17107 It appears that the move [ by the Fed ] rather frustrated investors who were expecting a more creative, or impactful action than a simple rate cut, which they thought wouldn't remedy to disrupted supply chain problems,
17108 But once you've drawn that line in the sand about age, then it's a very fact-specific inquiry, about what the culpability is.
17109 Indonesia's tax base will move toward digital taxation as online transactions have been growing significantly, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic,
17110 We are assuming that if China's and global growth are going to be corrected downward then Indonesia is going to be affected
17111 the commitment, trust and confidence of all stakeholders to work together for the sake of our game
17112 And we have certainly lent them some money, on very, very strict conditions, but at least Irish football, and football at grassroots, is going to prosper as a result.
17113 It has been a difficult journey to get to this place, where we can finally heave a sigh of relief knowing that Irish football has a secure future.
17114 The fact that this is coming: People will know it,
17115 There are people, there are businesses who are still hanging on that are going to lose their grip,
17116 This is the policy we need to have. We should have had it three weeks ago, but it's good to see it moving.
17117 We are looking at the things we only get from the census and whether it is possible to get them from other sources,
17118 As one of the leading banks in Nigeria and indeed Africa, it is imperative for us to support the economic and social development of the communities in which we operate. Hence, we have sponsored the Access Bank Lagos City Marathon for five years to make Lagos State more attractive to tourists and foreign investors alike. We have also used this platform as an avenue to create more jobs and opportunities for thousands in the state.
17119 assessing the economic impacts and considering the policy implications of various possible scenarios,
17120 It is critical that any framework on digital currencies ensures security, efficiency and legitimacy of payments while ensuring fair and open competition. We welcome the World Economic Forum's platform to help develop a robust governance framework for inclusion through digital currencies.
17121 the catastrophic impacts of climate change will be felt beyond the traditional horizons of most banks, investors and financial policymakers
17122 The concern is whether we will spend another decade doing worthy things but not enough,
17123 Much hinges on the speed with which domestic confidence returns,
17124 I don't have a regret, is the short answer,
17125 Finance Adviser for COP26 (UN Climate Change Conference of Parties number 26) to help build a sustainable financial system to support the transition to a net zero economy
17126 would be lower than it otherwise would be, and that has a knock-on effect on the UK
17127 can create money instantly by allowing overdrafts or opening credit facilities.
17128 I do not see any solution in the Sahel at the moment... What is happening to the climate and how it has fallen into a social problem and now into a security problem. Those will have to be addressed together.
17129 I urge you to immediately release the entire outstanding GST compensation due to the State,
17130 West Bengal was supposed to get GST compensation of Rs 2,406 crore for January. But we didn't get that. We are afraid we may not get the GST compensations for February and March. Moreover, the Centre is depriving West Bengal of its due share of taxes (from the divisible pool).
17131 Immigration restrictions hide even more poverty than they create,
17132 When people act that way, my view is that their complaints are mostly just hot air and they don't actually care very much.
17133 Many young people who learn the material forget it soon anyway,
17134 Let me reiterate that he has no other association with the Edelweiss Group, nor is he in any way related to me,
17135 Now consumption is at the center-stage and if we can get that going, investment will pick up after a few quarters,
17136 My expectation would be that government does expand on the disinvestment programme and raise a lot of revenue through asset sales. Government, on one side should relax taxes and spur consumption and on the other side, try and sell assets to raise revenues for fresh investments into infrastructure. This should be the two-pronged approach for the annual budget. I hope they follow-through on this,
17137 National Monuments and Economic Growth in the American West,
17138 policy space when opening up to the global market to push forward their domestic reform and transformation agenda, which is exactly the reason why the WTO adopts the self  declaration approach.
17139 The European Investment Bank recognises the importance of new investment to increase passenger capacity, improve security and support growth of the tourism sector in Greece. The EUR loan will enable construction of the new Heraklion airport to finally start after many years of planning and delay. The EIB recognises the commitment to re-develop the existing Heraklion Airport area to unlock economic, environmental and social benefits. This redevelopment is an integral part of our loan conditions,
17140 The EIB Group recognises the impact that the Corona virus is already having on the Irish economy, employment and daily life,
17141 The market's probably going to overreact in one way or another and I don't think we can trust the authorities to get it right either,
17142 If you have a position that can lose 1 to make 100, like Universa's tail hedge at any point in time, you don't care about your timing of a market crash, you just don't want to miss it.
17143 Then we talk about her relationship -- and the vibe changes `I'm waiting for him to propose.' ' I don't want to pressure him.' ' I hope I'll be engaged soon.' It seems to me that many women take charge of their lives in every way except dating and marriage.
17144 We want to be the place that people distribute information. Everyone in this crisis has a responsibility to do what they can do. We are really actively trying to get the right information to the right people.
17145 And, you know, obviously that's super unfair. I think I'm helping people remember that dating, for those who want to do it, is part of moving forward, and it is option B. If I could I would only date Dave. I made that choice. I made that choice. I just had that taken away from me.
17146 Women get judged much more harshly than men for dating after the loss of their spouse. I think I'm helping people remember that dating, for those who want to do it, is part of moving forward, and it is option B.
17147 rising to the enormous challenge in front of us.
17148 [ T ] he majority of the impact lies in front of us.
17149 Build your skills, not your resume
17150 Any time systems get put under pressure, there's a crisis. Those differences get massively exacerbated.
17151 There's always a reaction to say, `OK, we've learned from this.' Companies will learn, just as consumers will learn, to stockpile things if all of a sudden they're frightened because they couldn't find something. The question is: What's the half-life of that fear factor?
17152 Modern companies have different vertical suppliers around the world. It could be the input that's not being produced in China -- because of the disease -- isn't making its way to a factory in Thailand, which then goes to Brazil and then comes to the U.S.,
17153 Unraveling the Mysteries of Human Behavior.
17154 I remember after 2007, 2008, when the interest rate on regular deposits in banks went down so much that a lot of young people, in particular in the the U.S., said, `Why should I save?
17155 We said that month-on-month inflation is going to be stabilizing and going to be dropping, that's what has been been happening,
17156 Implementation of the new subsidy price is with immediate effect. Government will announce a strengthened targeting system in due course such that deserving vulnerable citizens, as intended by the subsidy policy, benefit.
17157 I participated in a session at WEF on this,
17158 will fight this battle against foreign economic terrorists & invaders till the very end.
17159 With the virus, the implications are huge. There are financial implications, there are social implications, there are health implications, there are implications on supply chains. Everything is impacted,
17160 As a result, the ringgit depreciated by 1.3 per cent against the US dollar this year up to Feb 10, amid weaker sentiments in global financial markets,
17161 But we are also looking at more dire scenarios, where the spread of the virus continues for longer and more globally, and the growth consequences are more protracted,
17162 How far it will fall, and for how long, will depend on the coronavirus epidemic, but also on the quality, timeliness, and effectiveness of policy actions,
17163 In his position as FDMD for the past nine years -- indeed he is the IMF's longest-serving FDMD -- David has provided an invaluable service to the Fund's membership and the global economy more broadly with his outstanding economic experience and expertise. The list of his achievements at the Fund is long. Put simply, David's efforts to further enhance the rigor of the Fund's analytical work and his ability to bring a policymaker's perspective to the table are unsurpassed. I thank him for all that he has done for the Fund and the people we serve.
17164 In fact, we anticipate the worst economic fallout since the Great Depression.
17165 urgently seeking $18 billion in new loan resources for the Poverty Reduction and Growth Trust, and would also likely need at least $1.8 billion in subsidy resources.
17166 advanced economies are generally in a better position to respond to the crisis, but many emerging markets and low-income countries face significant challenges. They are badly affected by outward capital flows, and domestic activity will be severely impacted as countries respond to the epidemic. Investors have already removed US$ 83 billion from emerging markets since the beginning of the crisis, the largest capital outflow ever recorded. We are particularly concerned about low-income countries in debt distress-an issue on which we are working closely with the World Bank.
17167 Our new research shows there is a point at which financial deepening is associated with exacerbated inequality and less inclusive growth,
17168 This is why we see that upswing potential for the growth in the country,
17169 Dance and sing your way through trouble!
17170 We must act at par with the magnitude of the challenge. For us at the IMF it means working with you to make our crisis response even stronger. For this we ask your backing to double our emergency financing capacity and boost global liquidity through a sizeable SDR (Special Drawing Right) allocation, as we successfully did during the 2009 global crisis and by expanding the use of swap type facilities at the Fund.
17171 depend on how effective measures are, and how quickly the virus retreats,
17172 Even a month of reduction in activities inevitably would have an impact on China and some of it would be translated to the rest of the world,
17173 There is more will when there is more women,
17174 there is tremendous uncertainty around the outlook
17175 analysis shows that considering this debt-carrying capacity, and the existing debt burden, a substantial debt relief from Argentina's private creditors will be needed to restore debt sustainability with high probability.
17176 but beyond that, it is great economics.
17177 stated that countries affected by #COVID 19 will be supported via Rapid Financial Instrument. Our Central Bank requested access to this facility immediately
17178 Of course, central banks, many are running out of space -- not the U.S. -- but many others are in a tougher place, and that has helped,
17179 We know this uncertainty harms business confidence, investment and growth,
17180 My closing message is that we will get through this, but how fast and how effectively will depend a lot upon the actions we take.
17181 These measures are most welcome and essential, and more will be needed. We are launching today a policy tracker to help our member countries be more aware of the experiences of others in combating the pandemic, and in adapting various policies and practices to their unique circumstances and needs. Sharing knowledge about COVID-19 enables us all to tackle the crisis more effectively,
17182 Fasten your seat belt, I certainly wouldn't loosen it now,
17183 If I want to do this for a long time, I want to have big pile of money on the side so can continue growing even in down markets,
17184 He has built a high touch, planning oriented practice that fits in well with the Creative Planning approach.
17185 If I had one piece of advice for you,
17186 It is a total shambles that this HS2 review has not yet been published. It was completed nearly three months ago. I know as I was a member of the Oakervee review panel. When ministers describe the review report as a `draft' they are misleading the public.
17187 Let's see if dads step up to the plate and do 50-50,
17188 My colleagues at work thought I was a lunatic
17189 a 30-day rent, interest and tax holiday for all
17190 So the City v Arsenal game cancelled just as well eh as Arsenal were gon na get BUST up ha ha c'm on you know LG x.
17191 be a bit of a k ** b
17192 Recent government audit reports have highlighted the fact major infrastructural projects have grossly overspent by millions and are years behind schedule with no public scrutiny or accountability. Important decisions on new investment and matching funding have been put on hold. Unite have fought a gallant battle to save our manufacturing base with no regional ministerial support. The message from our local elections is that we need our political parties to urgently engage in mature politics on the real issues and to get back to work. Those brave workers from all unions who recently stood on picket lines are determined not to accept any more empty promises in 2020,
17193 She does this because she had such a difficult life. Because she doesn't want others to feel alone, gaslit, or ashamed the way she has.
17194 I guess it was about him staying relevant. If you're him, what else is there to tweet about? How his spring/summer collections are doing for his clothing firm?
17195 And this is MY question time. Get back to bed,
17196 I'd like to point out AGAIN that I'm not aware of any offer for any amount of money to reform the legendary rock 'n' folk outfit Oasis.
17197 The wild card is whether turmoil in the Middle East triggers a sustained sell-off in equities, depressing business and consumer confidence to the point where labour market and inflation concerns become secondary,
17198 We hope the Empire State and ISM numbers will now move back into line, because that implies the latter will dip only to 46 or so in March but if the recent gap between them persists, the ISM will plummet to just 40 or so, meltdown territory - the post-2008 crash low was 34.5. - and there's no guarantee that will be the bottom,
17199 Spending is better than it looks, but sustainability depends on the US not suffering a major coronavirus outbreak,
17200 If this continues for just two more weeks, the death toll will breach [ 10,000 ] by Easter. The president's talk yesterday of re-opening the economy and seeing `packed' churches by Easter is a fantasy.
17201 It took nearly years from the Crash of October 1929 for unemployment to peak, at 24.9%. The COVID-19 lockdown is on course to wreak as much havoc in two months,
17202 January's jump in payrolls likely will be followed by a significantly smaller increase in February, as favorable weather effects fade and healthcare job growth reverts,
17203 Upside risks over the first half of this year center on medical care, rent, and pehaps modest tariff pass-through in some components where tariffed Chinese imports have large market shares. The overall story for now, though, remains that core inflation is under control. It's not low enough to suggest that the Fed needs to ease, but it's a long way from suggesting they need to tighten,
17204 We would be hopeful of further progress if it weren't for the coronavirus, but that progress now will be delayed, likely by several months, at least.
17205 we'd expect to see the Fed talking about higher rates, not easing.
17206 I think they should be just throwing money at people and businesses that are in the front line. Cash has to be given out to households. Cash has to be given out to small businesses. Cash has to be given out to gig workers. I don't know what the figures are for Uber drivers, but they are probably catastrophic.
17207 The near-term threat to the economy is existential.
17208 Activity can't be sustained at this level, and a hefty correction in January is a good bet. The permits numbers are a better guide to the underlying picture because they are much less weather-sensitive, and the December numbers are a bit disappointing,
17209 reasonable estimate, based on the very limited data so far and plausible assumptions about future trends.
17210 This takes our 2020 GDP forecast down to +0.4% (from 1.2%). The uncertainty around all of these numbers is much greater than normal,
17211 All else equal, this would imply a short-lived global contraction that stops short of an outright recession,
17212 has pushed the world economy into a deep recession
17213 We constantly have to work towards improvement... We haven't solved all the problems,
17214 We have our doubts about whether Saudi Arabia will allow itself to be persuaded so easily to return from the path of revenge that it only recently embarked upon,
17215 no equal in market history,
17216 relatively quickly and easily,
17217 Weak economy and the coronavirus is a problem for all of us. If they don't do it, the citizens of this world will not forget it.
17218 Oil prices remain heavy on oversupply concerns and after the Saudi Energy Minister Price Abdulaziz did not offer any hints of optimism that the Opec + production cuts would be extended beyond March,
17219 With millions of jobs and the stability of the global economy at risk, we have to find a way to protect energy markets during the crisis.
17220 Oil prices rising to triple digits, as some are people saying, is not something that I believe in,
17221 Oil price collapse is bad for consumers too,
17222 Every part of the industry needs to consider how to respond. Doing nothing is simply not an option.
17223 After all, it is true that Nazis perpetrated widespread and extreme acts of sadism and torture -- and even incidents of cruel `games' -- against their victims,
17224 It was such a strange and jarring thing to hear as a kid,
17225 While Hunters is a dramatic narrative series, with largely fictional characters, it is inspired by true events. But it is not documentary. And it was never purported to be. In creating this series it was most important for me to consider what I believe to be the ultimate question and challenge of telling a story about the Holocaust: how do I do so without borrowing from a real person's specific life or experience?
17226 rise of anti-Semitism and xenophobia.
17227 everyone is engaged in this model through 3rd grade.
17228 Frankly, I don't see any of these solutions as a magic bullet,
17229 I suspect if we had everyone going to school in the dark we would have a lot more problems,
17230 He wanted so badly to make his father proud, and essentially in his death he did do that. He got Kattegat back, he's inspired his people, he travelled to unknown lands.
17231 That's the big question, I guess. It'll have to bring the fans back to keep watching. It certainly doesn't look good for him. I'll tell you that.
17232 The bank needs to bring people in who have a longer time horizon, are interested in the institution, what it does, and how it goes about shaping development.
17233 People have started saying it has never happened before,
17234 There's a massive exploration going on right now, seeking out what can be done virtually. So there may be a permanent effect on in-person meetings in the business world, and frankly, it's a whole lot cheaper.
17235 They decided they are going to monitor the situation and watch.
17236 into a bearer of his own responsibilities.
17237 For instance, some international students will not be able to return home at this time; some students may be unable to access online classes in their home location; some may need to stay in Madison for other reasons,
17238 Students will receive additional information about this transition in the next few days.
17239 He was disheartened about Milken and all the problems,
17240 How are consumers responding? How are families responding? How are business leaders responding?... Do they lose confidence in just going and doing things?
17241 We are starting to see very positive things
17242 If somebody wants to say we didn't eat it, we just stared at it or made statues out of it, whatever,
17243 In my experience, the vast majority of students at Harvard demonstrate very high levels of academic integrity,
17244 In October-November 2019, we have documented a 6.4% rise in our bilateral trade turnover compared to the corresponding period of 2018, which constitutes nearly $1.5 bln. Of course, we expect that our relations will develop, which includes both our bilateral ties and our cooperation within the Eurasian Economic Union [ EAEU ],
17245 Lots of people, if they don't lose their jobs, are going to get substantial pay cuts in a potentially much more widespread way than the financial crisis.
17246 He wasn't even that much the public face of the Recovery Act,
17247 The economy is not symmetrical,
17248 If we get inflation that would be good. That would be a good sign that we have adequate demand.
17249 Often with hedge funds there's a lot of turnover, and when there's turnover ideas get communicated,
17250 The future of finance will be much more quantitative than it is today. We are moving much more in that direction whether it is systematic or discretionary trading, machine learning is here to stay,
17251 Unemployment insurance, at least short term, is quite generous so the firms may decide that that's a better way to go,
17252 If it doesn't hit in a substantial way in the United States, that's less likely. We had a pretty solid outlook before this happened -- and there is some risk, but basically I think the U.S. outlook looks pretty good.
17253 We think it has a compelling economic logic,
17254 We are really focused on the structure of the economy post coronavirus. We will take it into account and see where it is relevant, it might not always be, but it may be occasionally.
17255 The average price in 2020 is $5.35, the average price for 2021 delivery is $7, so the forward markets are pretty soft not just for one year but for two years, and I think beyond,
17256 But in normal times, without a common enemy, co-ordination leads to complacency, inefficiency and higher prices.
17257 This is a stressful time for everyone, but especially those working at the frontline of our response to the COVID-19 pandemic. It's sadly understandable that such workers may consider life insurance coverage at this time.
17258 a once-in-a-generation opportunity for stronger competition and cheaper mobile telecommunications services
17259 In the very rare case of misuse, donations are backed by the industry's only guarantee. The GoFundMe guarantee ensures donations reach the right place or will be refunded.
17260 Implications publicly made to allow Virgin to go under, I just think that's unhelpful,
17261 We may not know when the gains from CDR will kick in, but we can be certain they will be profound. Competition, consumers, and the economy will be benefit considerably,
17262 Rather than reacting to a phone call or text or someone approaching you on the web who you don't know, it's best you find their actual website and donate directly,
17263 won't want to fire all of his bullets before the budget,
17264 This is a substantial easing of monetary policy, which is boosting the cashflow of businesses and the household sector as a whole,
17265 There are still a lot of people getting infected but the infection rate is coming down, so if that continues, I think we can have reasonable optimism that the number of cases has stabilised,
17266 It seems that there is a global norm for hurdle rates somewhere around the 13 to 14 per cent mark and it is hard to shift this norm, even at record low interest rates,
17267 In part, the variation in interest rates paid by different borrowers reflects their creditworthiness or the riskiness and features of loans. In addition, it reflects the different interest rates offered by different lenders,
17268 They will have access to additional funding if they increase lending to business, especially to small and medium-sized businesses. This facility is for at least $90bn,
17269 This is a priority issue for us. Many small businesses are going to find coming months very difficult as their sales dry up and they support their staff. Assisting small businesses through this period will help us build that bridge to the other side when the recovery does take place. If Australia has lost lots of otherwise viable businesses through this period, making that recovery will be harder,
17270 We're also expecting significant job losses. The scale of those losses will depend upon the ability of businesses to keep workers on during this challenging period.
17271 The economic implications are profound.
17272 The lower interest rates have assisted with both sides of the balance sheet. They have allowed people to pay down their liabilities more easily, and they have also boosted asset prices,
17273 The global slowdown is part of the story, but the most important factor is a domestic one, and that is subdued consumer spending as households adjusted to slow wages growth and falling housing prices,
17274 for some time, before gradually declining to a little below 5.0 per cent in 2021
17275 Negative interest rates in Australia are extraordinary unlikely. This is not a direction we need to go in,
17276 We are aware of the risk of low interest rates encouraging too much borrowing and driving excessive asset valuations. So we will continue to watch borrowing, in particular, very carefully.
17277 Once the coronavirus is contained, the Australian economy is expected to return to an improving trend.
17278 The comprehensive policy package announced last month will also support the expected recovery. The Board will not increase the cash rate target until progress is being made towards full employment and it is confident that inflation will be sustainably within the 2 -- 3 per cent target band.
17279 work unwittingly for Russian state interests
17280 Everywhere is his moment.
17281 At some point that information, those facts and that evidence will see the light of day,
17282 I didn't grab Ms K's backside but should have been more aware that she didn't want to have her picture taken.
17283 Milly's case is also being considered as part of the review of patient episodes that Professor Marion Bain, director of infection prevention and control, will be overseeing and this will involve Milly's family in whatever way they wish.
17284 not an unreasonable shift at the coal face
17285 It pleads not guilty to all charges and explains some of the circumstances in which they've come about. I'm also conscious we're in the middle of a general election campaign. I'm not going to say anything which would influence that democratic process.
17286 Everybody is welcoming the trade deal. I think it's important that we try and understand the trade deal first, and then we are made aware of what phase two is,
17287 FIDE cannot continue the tournament without guarantees for the players' and officials' safe and timely return home. In this situation and on the basis of clause 1.5. Rules of Candidates Tournament, the FIDE president decided to stop the tournament.
17288 helps them grow as a person.
17289 Productivity has been inching up, but it hasn't been growing like it did in the period from the 1940s to 1973, or in the period from 1995 to 2005. Productivity is going at a fairly slow rate, and consequently, I think real wages are growing [ at ] a slow rate,
17290 The Capitalism Paradox: How Cooperation Enables Free Market Competition
17291 The spread of coronavirus poses an emerging downside risk to Japan's economy, although the economic impact will depend on the extent of the spread of the disease and policy responses,
17292 There are some serious questions about some of the people at Gladys Liu's fundraising events,
17293 If the allegations that this businessman is linked to fraud in China, and that there are some people in China who are very unhappy with him, then he should've known about that,
17294 This is a worldwide supply and demand shock. It would take a miracle to avoid recession,
17295 Individuals and small businesses need cash right now,
17296 `Manufacturers, energy producers and small companies have been shedding jobs. Unemployment is low, but will begin to rise if job growth slows much further,
17297 Most significantly, they would raise businesses' cost of capital, reduce investment and thus weigh on productivity and overall economic growth.
17298 We're about to see dizzying decline in economic activity,
17299 The job market is in free fall,
17300 We have to turn to indicators that we had not looked at before,
17301 Midnight announcements tell you there was an urgency to put a safety net under the system,
17302 When I came here to Peabody, every congregation in our community had already been scheduling a Second Night Seder,
17303 Unfortunately when you're dealing with the Internet you can't quite harmonize the same way, but the shtick will be there,
17304 Here, scientifically, I think we need to operate on that credo,
17305 It's just like, we're real people, we're not just a piece of paper.
17306 At first it was gloves on, and all of that,
17307 Low mortgage rates combined with a strong labor market and rising wages are no doubt providing support to the housing sector,
17308 The coronavirus is leading to fewer homebuyers searching in the marketplace, as well as some listings being delayed,
17309 That's a healthy development for potential home buyers. Southern cities should once again do better than most other markets.
17310 a positive indicator for even greater production in the months ahead.
17311 Some aspects that underpin the rebound may not materialize, and worse global growth outcomes are possible -- for example, a deeper contraction in 2020 and a shallower recovery in 2021 -- depending on the pathway of the pandemic and the severity of the associated economic and financial consequences,
17312 The health crisis is, therefore, having a severe impact on economic activity. As a result of the pandemic, the global economy is projected to contract sharply by minus 3 per cent in 2020, much worse than during the 2008-09 financial crisis,
17313 The cumulative loss to global GDP over 2020 and 2021 from the pandemic crisis could be around $9 trillion, greater than the economies of Japan and Germany combined,
17314 truly global crisis. This makes the Great Lockdown the worst recession since the Great Depression and far worse than the global financial crisis
17315 The Home Minister should decide on Shaheen Bagh protests.
17316 Rajiikant phoned me today and I told him that on this matter I will be totally supportive.
17317 The only way you can take away someone's citizenship is if you have voluntarily acquired citizenship of another country.... Why not Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi will lose their (Indian) citizenship?
17318 Majority professors there are socialists. Those who are not socialists have been stopped. After several such instances, the situation cannot be amended. A big step must be taken by closing it down for two years. Good students in JNU should be accommodated in Delhi University and Ambedkar University, among others which are nearby. The remaining must be dismissed and after necessary clean-up, it can be opened again,
17319 This includes providing critical services to the real economy and ensuring that the banking system remains financially and operationally resilient. The measures endorsed by GHOS today aim to prioritise these objectives and we remain ready to act further if necessary.
17320 This is the epitome of what a progressive tax means.
17321 The coronavirus crisis is beginning to ravage our community,
17322 The data are a brutal inditement of a private housing market that is dominated by corporate landlords who care more about profit than housing people,
17323 worried about basic survival.
17324 [ Big businesses ] know there is tremendous momentum behind taxing them this year -- this is why we're seeing a conversation about a bill that will raise a small amount, and then get the real prize for big businesses, which is a ban on taxation.
17325 Bernie's fight for Medicare for All and for a Green New Deal.
17326 We need to keep our eyes open and make a full accounting of all the costs
17327 What's more, there is still much to be done to facilitate the move to AFVs, such as ensuring the infrastructure is as ubiquitous as that of traditional fuels.
17328 Origo and Beyond Encryption want to help support firms in this time of heightened risk. Our hope is that this action will help safeguard businesses over the coming months by enabling firms and their clients to securely and easily send documents and emails, and without having to suffer the costs and delays of using the post.
17329 2019 marked a new flight path for Norwegian as the company changed its strategy to move from growth to profitability. We have achieved our initial goal to save NOK 2.3 billion as part of #Focus 2019 and concluded several positive financial milestones
17330 absolutely must travel to mainland China or Hong Kong
17331 Enbridge is militarizing the north country, funding hate and shackling pristine lakes to a dirty-oil pipeline. After 60 hearings and 68,000 people testifying against this pipeline, Enbridge is going to cause a civil war in northern Minnesota -- there will be blood,
17332 I saw empty shelves for ketchup, mayonnaise, jello. These types of products typically wouldn't run low this time of year,
17333 With lineups and security guards, plexiglass and gloves and everything else, it just feels different,
17334 It is a signal that you are not desperate,
17335 We have low inflation. We've got lots of employment. If we keep rates low because inflation is not high... what kind of financial vulnerabilities might you build and how much does that increase the downside tail risk four quarters out, eight quarters out?
17336 That means that in these counties, we need to keep an even closer look at the social distancing measures, and we need to make sure that they are equipped to respond to those hospitalized with COVID-19,
17337 The basic idea of getting money into the economy very quickly is a good idea,
17338 the whole European project will disappear.
17339 We continue to mark down 1H20 global GDP forecasts as our assessment of both the global pandemic's reach and the damage related to necessary containment policies,
17340 We will only stay in Iraq as long as we are welcome, because we fully respect the territorial integrity and the sovereignty of Iraq. So the only way for us to be there is based on invitation from the Iraqi government,
17341 a global health crisis.
17342 I will not go into details about our intelligence but what I can say is we have no reason to not believe the reports we have seen from different NATO-allied capitals,
17343 It does not matter if a country is a NATO member since 1949 or for two weeks. North Macedonia received assistance from Turkey, the Netherlands, Czech Republic, Hungary, Norway and the U.S.. This is not only good for North Macedonia; it is also good for the whole alliance. The virus does not recognize any border. Therefore, we should fight together against this threat.
17344 We will start the work on looking into medium - and long-term consequences,
17345 Allied Defence Ministers have agreed in principle to enhance NATO's training mission in Iraq in close cooperation & coordination with the Iraqi government,
17346 We're more than willing to do that and to be a part of their experience.
17347 and we need the public to step up and resume life.
17348 The best kind of calendar is not one that is terribly accurate, but rather, one that is the most practical for the modern person,
17349 The key test for Kenya in the years ahead will be the strength of its fiscal consolidation intent. Encouragingly, authorities have unveiled plans for further cuts to discretionary spending,
17350 These are statewide issues that we're facing, and so I look forward to the ongoing partnership that we will have to make sure that every community that we have in the state is successful,
17351 This is going to be a significant amount of work to get there, and we are going to work tirelessly to meet that goal so we know that everything is ready,
17352 But what is problematic is to see the equity gap that we have, and it's really much more dramatic with the first-gen -- the first-generation students,
17353 Attracting a talented and diverse faculty body is essential for the continued success of our university as a premier public research institution, and these postdoctoral fellows are an important contribution to that ongoing effort,
17354 Trump uses his own public persona as a MacGuffin
17355 Iran announced the resumption of some of its nuclear activities but not the pursuit of a nuclear weapon,
17356 What is more likely is sustained proxy attacks against U.S. interests and allies regionally and even globally. Iran has a long history of such attacks in Europe, Africa, Asia, and Latin America, with mixed success,
17357 Model to exhaust this place
17358 The instruments still have to be adjusted to how severe the problem turns out to be. Whatever it takes doesn't mean you shoot everything you have in the beginning.
17359 We considered starting in the US but it's currently very hard to film there. Mexico City was a much more alien starting point than London. We can all vaguely imagine how to get out of London but I challenge anyone to get out of Mexico with limited funds.
17360 We're executing our preferred strategy of not making panicky changes to our process that would have (note the tense) alleviated recent pain,
17361 When the threat of the coronavirus is over, we can just get the economy back online really quickly,
17362 We wiped that out so fast,
17363 In our business you have to have a pretty thick skin, but this is probably about as tough as it gets,
17364 For example, since the proposed rule would systematically exclude studies that do not meet EPA's criteria for independent validation, critical studies that would otherwise inform influential scientific information will not be used or incorporated into key documents,
17365 irrespective of where you live or where the accident happened,
17366 comply with the terms and conditions of the passenger tickets, which really set forth the limitations that exist on your claim.
17367 The partnership will enhance Camlee's capabilities to support its clients and speed up our own national roll-out. We expect it to yield significant benefits to both businesses.
17368 the public interest is safeguarded over narrow individual interests.
17369 We will probably see a reduction [ in GDP ] in the first quarter, then in the second a recession. It is possible it will carry on, unless the reduction in demand is reversed very substantially in the summer, if some of the restrictions are taken away,
17370 It is already clear that the spread of the coronavirus is having serious consequences for Canadian families, and for Canada's economy,
17371 It is clear that the spread of the coronavirus is having serious consequences for Canadian families, and for Canada's economy.
17372 These measures will work in combination to ease pressure on Canadian borrowers. As containment restrictions are eased and economic activity resumes, fiscal and monetary policy actions will help underpin confidence and stimulate spending by consumers and businesses to restore growth. The Bank's Governing Council stands ready to adjust the scale or duration of its programs if necessary.
17373 A lot has happened in the past six weeks. In particular, the global economy will, at the very least, be significantly disrupted by COVID-19 in the first half of the year,
17374 This time we will be asking all Canadians to nominate any historic Canadian -- someone who is truly banknote-able.
17375 Combined with the other measures announced today, lower interest rates will help to support confidence in businesses and households. For example, borrowing costs will be lowered both for new purchases and through variable rate mortgages and mortgage renewals.
17376 There is a real risk that business and consumer confidence will erode further, creating a more persistent slowdown, especially given recent declines in stock markets,
17377 it was expected based on improvements in medical technology and social progress -- for example, gains in levels of educational attainment.
17378 The Italian per capita income is the same as it was 20 years ago. In terms of economic growth, this past decade has been the worst since 1861.
17379 There's been too much loose talk that Medicare for All is unaffordable. What's really unaffordable is the current system,
17380 This government has taken some decisions which are historic,
17381 We had Zinc outside broadcasting, we had a special guest coming, because 40 years ago on that date was when Peter Brock officially opened Roadcraft, and he did a spin around the secondary circuit that was designed by Bob Fredman in a Commodore, and he had (Gympie Mayor) Mick Vernados and (Widgee Shire Chairman) Adrian McClintock in the car with him,
17382 When we launched services to Malta in June 2019, I stated this was just the beginning of our long term commitment to boosting trade and tourism between our two countries. This agreement with Air Malta will provide significant benefits to both airlines and thousands of passengers, expanding both of our networks and setting the foundation to further enhance cooperation in other fields in the future.
17383 Why would anyone invest in Canada now?
17384 But with self-employed and freelancers still not covered by support -- even as many of their businesses are now subject to lockdown -- there is a worrying gap in the government's strategy to protect these livelihoods which urgently needs to be put right.
17385 If bosses disregard employees' well-being then Government should take tougher action to force compliance.
17386 If companies continue to flout the rules, they shouldn't just be held accountable in the court of public opinion, the Government must intervene to make them close their doors.
17387 Guess who wrote it? Vengalil Krishnan Krishna Menon,
17388 The government is adopting double standards by allowing foreign envoys to visit Jammu and Kashmir, but not Indian politicians. We demand that the government allows unfettered access to Jammu and Kashmir to all politicians and not resort to guided tours for envoys,
17389 Problem with this very accomplished and erudite Foreign Minister is that he wishes to forget the books he read before becoming Foreign Secretary in January 2015,
17390 Problems exist only because other people are not as wise or as caring, or not as imaginative and bold, as the anointed [ i.e. Liberals ]... Police, prisons, etc. represent only tradeoffs, while creating a society in which crime is prevented from arising in the first place is a solution.
17391 This conception of fairness requires that third parties must wield the power to control outcomes
17392 The Bank is taking bold measures to support African countries. We are here for Africa, and we will provide significant rapid support for countries.
17393 The African Development Bank is taking bold measures to support African countries. This $3 billion Covid-19 bond issuance is the first part of our comprehensive response that will soon be announced.
17394 These are all stratospherically high,
17395 The last three recessions were very different from previous post-war recessions in that the share of increase in unemployment to temporary lay-offs was much lower,
17396 They're looking at the cash flows they're going to receive from the business, and that's the way we look at valuing businesses as well.
17397 This market is now open, serious people are looking at it again.
17398 We had an extremely strong quarter with revenue growing 3% in constant currency,
17399 The consistent rapid growth in the now multibillion-dollar ERP segment of our cloud applications business has enabled Oracle to deliver a double-digit EPS growth rate year-after-year. I fully expect we will do that again this year.
17400 after listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision.
17401 The only way for us to get through this terrible global crisis is to ensure a safe work environment for healthcare professionals and ultimately find a treatment,
17402 We had good pop to our flow, to our offense, and was able to get some just in-the-flow plays. Once I'm able to get into the flow and the ball is able to move around, that's where I'm at my best. And I just carried that throughout the game.
17403 Chinese people will probably decide to go to the Olympics around April or May. But if this virus continues, the number of tourists from China to Japan will decrease,
17404 has done a much better job
17405 It's a global crisis where the value of being big and having institutions that can act is, in itself, positive.
17406 The health systems of advanced economies are also much better equipped to cope. In addition, compared with China, citizens in advanced democracies have more trust in their governments. Negative confidence effects in these democracies should, therefore, be somewhat less severe than in China (and Iran). However, a rapid spread in other less advanced regions could add significantly to global risks.
17407 Money has been spent on unproductive activity,
17408 We can't really start framing until this powerline is out of the way.
17409 Switzerland's short-time working compensation scheme is designed precisely to cope with circumstances like these,
17410 We have to make sure the effects of this unprecedented episode aren't permanent,
17411 The price of an oil gallon should be at this time probably $90 to $100 per gallon to truly reflect the actual cost in a true free market capitalist system,
17412 I am officially raising my target for Bitcoin -- and I first made this prediction when it was $1. I said this could go to $100,000 -- I'm raising my official target for the first time in eight years. I'm raising it to $400,000.
17413 Sick people are predictable income streams, like the prisoners are. And it can be used like to collateralize the bond market.
17414 few professional portfolios are actually invested exclusively for long-term cash flows.
17415 I'm hoping stories like these can first of all help us get grounded into the realities of how transitions work and how change can happen, understand the resistances to change... and collectively try to find solutions.
17416 We, here, have really been innovating quite significantly, on average, and are better positioned than we were in 2014 to weather this,
17417 is well and at a safe place,
17418 It's hard to estimate because this isn't over yet, it depends how long it continues for, but so far the economic impact must be fairly significant,
17419 Once people become aware of the harms of pollution and the tragedy of species loss, they demand action, and responsive governments step in to force pollution reductions and place habitats and animals outside the market.
17420 The U.S. is now investigating Chinese telecom giant ZTE for alleged bribery,
17421 because it started early last year.
17422 focused on sustainable investing, digital transformation, genetic therapies and alleviating water scarcity.
17423 And valuations are vulnerable to a setback.
17424 While profits typically tend to rebound sharply in the year following a strong valuation expansion, this is not our expectation for this year and next,
17425 I pledge to be independent in my decision-making, and frankly no one tells me what to do,
17426 You never go back, with money,
17427 I think they made the project better,
17428 If you are a senior citizen living on fixed income payments, you care a lot about what's happening to prices in the economy. If you're a creditor of someone who's borrowing or if you're a borrower, you care about what the Fed is doing. [ The Fed ] directly influences the decisions you make.
17429 I'm still quite bullish about Asia stocks. Especially in this case, Asia is pretty much insulated from this situation in the Middle East,
17430 in a short-term scenario,
17431 It's Blue Monday, said to be the most depressing day of the year because, the theory goes, it's when we're all cold, broke and riddled with shame because our New Year's resolutions to get fit, drink less booze and be better to others, have already fallen to the wayside,
17432 I found it in Europe, Asia, North and South America, in Australasia and Africa. I identified it in every member country of the European Union. It holds true in countries where the median wage is high and where it is not and where people tend to live longer and where they don't.
17433 That's what we wanted to examine-can you turn down isoprene production, and does it matter to biomass productivity and general plant health? It looks like it doesn't impair either significantly.
17434 These arrangements will involve identifying wards and prioritising care for the sickest patients.
17435 They're more interested in things like the environment, climate change and social justice issues,
17436 We have a new version of `Tudo Bom' that will be on Static & Bel El's new EP that we release. Now that we've got the right support behind it, I still think that the song has the potential to be a hit. Static & Ben El have star quality -- in the studio, in the music they play and compose. And I'm not the only one to talk this way. If you talk to the people at Capitol, they will tell you that Static & Ben El are a priority. And it's not because they are a priority for me; it's because they believe they have star power.
17437 go a long way in improving the lives of everyone across the world,
17438 We should not just concentrate on Greta. She's certainly got some kind of celebrity status. But I'm thinking of the young girl who we have here who has changed at the age of 19 the whole policy of Indonesia concerning plastics.
17439 has been stunningly large and impactful,
17440 The Treasury, in contrast, doesn't lend to people. They borrow.
17441 I was invited by Tusker and the initial plan was to join them as my first Kenyan team. But due to weather, which is different in Kenya and Ghana, it made my time in Tusker quite difficult,
17442 It's this date that characterizes the state of the epidemic.
17443 This did not stop supply-siders, including Shelton, in her 1994 book Monetary Meltdown, from penning proposals for an updated version of Bretton Woods.
17444 Would such an approach save as many lives as a complete shutdown? Possibly not. However, if it could achieve two-thirds of the health objectives at one-third the costs, it would be reckless not to choose it
17445 The incomes of a lot of Chinese have risen, there's a very large middle class and so the expenditure on travel and consumption of luxury type goods -- that'll potentially be impacted in a totally differently than it was in 2003.
17446 Count to 10 and ask yourself whether this is really the best thing to amplify. Whether fighting a virus or a viral scare story, each of us needs to erect small barriers to slow the contagion. Alone, those barriers may seem trivial. Collectively, they work.
17447 The reality is the vast majority of it is harmless enough, the problem is it draws people in. And the stuff we've seen on some of these platforms such as Telegram [ a heavily-encrypted messaging service ], I've never seen anything like it and I've done this for 30 years.
17448 It's one thing for the Home Office to check facts. But it would be completely unacceptable for the Home Office to try to water down the review's conclusions and judgments about what went wrong.
17449 We can't ask people to internalize health risks on an individual basis any more than we can expect polluting factories to self-regulate,
17450 the savings depend on the mortality rate,
17451 When you put your signature on paper, there is a mental reflex which means that people, if they already had a tendency to respect the rules, want to respect the commitment made
17452 But the pandemic has also fractured global governance, making it harder to envision the G20 devising a viable alternative.
17453 For example, a new financial crisis caused by green swan events severely affecting the financial health of the banking and insurance sectors could force central banks to intervene and buy a large set of carbon-intensive assets and/or assets stricken by physical impacts.
17454 Inflation actually came back. So in that respect, going negative made the whole thing work,
17455 It would surprise me -- unless we see this thing get really big, which we can't rule out -- that we'd see some sort of directive from the federal government that schools should be closed.
17456 I don't think he's going to have any interest in reining in Wall Street.
17457 If major corporations can be effectively run by CEOs getting one tenth the going rate, it would set a valuable precedent,
17458 that guy five rows behind you that is coughing up a lung,
17459 The window seats are a little less risky than the aisle seats,
17460 That price discount is too small to give customers a reason to change their behavior, which means the rate transition will not impact peak demand, accelerate renewables or deliver customer savings.
17461 This is truly cataclysmic. If companies can't refinance their debts they trade insolvent and it's all over.
17462 When you look at Ken Rogoff's book... `waah, waah, waah!' He was sitting there crying like a baby in a nursery,
17463 You French b ******. F *** off back to France, you mother f *****.
17464 I have made mistakes in my relationships, career, health, and as a result, I got used to showing up in the world sub-optimally,
17465 not just physical health, but also emotional health.
17466 as early as October of 2020,
17467 One of the most important things I look at with a charity is efficiency,
17468 Our integration with LeafLogix allows Springbig's loyalty clients to execute rewards and offer redemptions directly within the POS,
17469 The behaviors that spawned the climate crisis are perhaps even more contagious than smoking,
17470 The Covid-19 crisis is already taxing the US healthcare system; debt-induced financial instability will exacerbate the crisis,
17471 The program will run until the coronavirus crisis is over but at least until the end of the year and so offers certainty at a very uncertain time,
17472 There is some anecdotal evidence of reinfections, but we really don't know,
17473 To stimulate growth and cushion [ of ] the negative effects of Covid-19, various central banks have since adopted accommodative monetary policies by cutting interest rates. This was also done in order to counter deteriorating financial conditions. These were accompanied by fiscal stimulus in most of the affected economies in the world. Domestic economic activity slowed during the first two months of 2020. The inflation rate declined, while the growth in Private Sector Credit Extension (PSCE) rose in January 2020. The stock of international reserves remained sufficient to support the currency peg,
17474 You've certainly done a terrific job with the sale and we want to recognize you today. I can't say enough good about the job you've done over the last 10 years.
17475 continuously conducts education research studies that serve as bases for necessary reforms and development,
17476 In light of precautionary and social distancing measures, offsite monitoring through close coordination with LGUs is encouraged; physical monitoring shall be done when deemed feasible,
17477 Examples involving famous brands have filled the headlines in recent years, spurring public and political outrage.
17478 health, sanitation, and disease policies
17479 The Spring Meetings certainly fit the bill, and we can expect to hear soon that they will be cancelled this year or confined to virtual conferences. Such a move would be welcome, and the Staff Association supports senior management's cautionary stance in the face of the global health crisis,
17480 We're announcing today an initial package of immediate support that will make available up to $US12 billion to respond to country requests for crisis financing of their immediate needs and also to lessen the tragic impacts of the crisis,
17481 To my mind, it is a clearly a source of uncertainty and risk to the global outlook.
17482 sought to have the town assessor, the town planning board, and then the town board agree to abandon the town highway
17483 The police did nothing. They just gave the rioters a free hand,
17484 U.S. tari  ffs continue to be almost entirely borne by U.S. firms and consumers,
17485 I don't see that that case has been made.
17486 What is distinctive about the research is that we will have access to real-time data by industry and state that will help inform policymakers at every level about the key steps that must be taken to ensure the future viability of small businesses and their employees,
17487 All of these key trends were moving in the opposite direction,
17488 Governments have not aligned their trade and medical policy responses to coronavirus,
17489 We can't deliver these millions of masks.
17490 It is great evidence of our ability to raise funds even in difficult times, and the amount offered is very important,
17491 There is a coronavirus outbreak in the US, the European Union, also in India. In India also, the growth rate would be affected. Jobs (growth) will also be affected,
17492 We need to review many welfare schemes we have put in place supposedly to help the poor, but which don't have the effect that they should,
17493 I doubt (the) package is big enough to stop the temporary shock of the outbreak becoming a longer-lasting blow to the economy,
17494 It's disproportionately the lowest income people, and they can't live for a couple months without income.
17495 never have been prosecuted in the first place
17496 The Court passed on the rare chance to clarify an outdated and confusing exception to the First Amendment, which has divided courts around the country,
17497 So we're encouraging people to read our advice on getting the most from their broadband, home phones, and mobiles -- and to share it with friends, families, and colleagues, to help them stay connected too.
17498 That is what we are seeing now, scary numbers.
17499 That will require fiscal measures, including getting money into the hands of middle-class families,
17500 We appeal to participants to carry only the national flag and not the flag of any political party,
17501 We should definitely make every possible measure to keep people in their jobs,
17502 It's quite clear that the choice to shut down is a correct choice on any kind of cost-benefit calculation,
17503 The whole game was going to change,
17504 To continue to ensure strong governance, we are pleased to create a temporary board committee that will build on our regular evaluation of Twitter's leadership structure.
17505 bold actions to end gender discrimination, providing voice and agency to those who still remain in the margins of decision-making on critical issues of development and on peace and human security.
17506 if that advice can be given not in the supercilious tone of the Washington consensus but with genuineness, that can be immensely helpful.
17507 I'm sad I didn't do this earlier,
17508 She votes against fair pay for women,
17509 one of the highest level leaders at the World Bank
17510 The Rospobrebnadzor [ Federal Service for Surveillance on Consumer Rights Protection and Human Well-being ] services have identified two persons infected with coronavirus in Russia -- in the Trans-Baikal Region and the Tyumen Region. They are under strict surveillance. They have been isolated, and necessary assistance has been provided to them. Both are Chinese citizens,
17511 We were also advised that the grassy, peat areas of Sule Skerry are covered in puffin burrows, so visitors are recommended to avoid walking on these areas where possible. What's more, there are often seal pups on the island any time between November and March and they like the rocky area behind the mast.
17512 do not provide an answer to the dilemma of weaker euro countries which are at risk of losing the confidence of markets due to rising debt.
17513 It has been a decade of disappointment,
17514 While the rand has benefited from improvements in global sentiment, high long-term bond yields reflect concerns about domestic growth prospects and fiscal risks,
17515 The MPC assesses the risks to the growth forecast to be to the downside,
17516 Let's hope this time really will be different and that the economy will start up much more quickly after the Covid recession.
17517 The 21-day lockdown is a first step, which buys India time to improve its preparedness. The government is drawing on our courageous medical personnel and looking to all possible resources -- public, private, defence, retired -- for the fight, but it has to ramp up the pace manifold,
17518 Hopefully, this otherwise unmitigated tragedy will help us see how weakened we have become as a society, and will focus our politics on the critical economic and healthcare reforms we sorely need.
17519 The judiciary over the past two days has made a slight turn. This is an outcome of the students' movement. That is also happening to political parties. Just look at Navin Patnaik. His party had voted for the CAA in the Rajya Sabha. But now he is speaking against implementing the act.... As the movement is escalating, it is casting its impact on judiciary.... This will revive the parties and give them backbone,
17520 The problem is not the level of rates at the current juncture,
17521 Today, there's a lot to do even though the economy is still growing,
17522 Yes, I like that, you should do that.
17523 diseases found it harder to spread than in Europe's dense cities.
17524 Good economic policy starts by ensuring that the humans in the economy stay well -- and alive -- so they can participate in the economy as both producers and consumers,
17525 many leading economists in the USA and the UK have Keynesian sympathies
17526 Thanks to the courts and agencies, China has made tremendous progress in embracing sophisticated economic analysis since the enactment of the Anti-Monopoly Law in 2008,
17527 This is the time to keep kicking China while it's down. The Chinese economy was growing at its slowest rate in decades. Its foreign trade balance has weakened tremendously. Its exports to the United States -- by its own statistics, which... can be dodgy -- fell by about 20 percent, last year. The Trump policy of being [ of being tough ] and creating tremendous pressure on China was working to decouple [ the two economies ].
17528 The upside potential is significant as the market is now in a demand-rationing phase,
17529 Cutting production, 1.5 million barrels a day in April or May, is not really going to save you in the current environment,
17530 was only one out of 12 reports presented to the Holy See.
17531 So far, the combination has been successful in helping our patients,
17532 This could lead to mass closures of small farms in an industry that is already struggling,
17533 This is the first time ITV has been associated with the Ideal Home Show. It's been running for years and I've visited several times and thoroughly enjoyed it.
17534 We are just scratching our heads. Of all the ways you can fund a complex system, cost-based systems are the cheapest way to go. Just implementation of a major payment program could take years,
17535 It is easy to identify an airline,
17536 the bill is a classic case of the cure being worse than the disease
17537 The Family Code was crafted to mirror the historical, traditional and religious values of Filipinos on marriage.... the Supreme Court decision is a welcome development to us. It reaffirms our belief that we are in the right path,
17538 The German economy seems unaffected by developments surrounding the coronavirus,
17539 the lesson of opportunity cost is easy to state but hard to learn
17540 Always looking at years of schooling and teachers to improve student performance is insufficient and noisy,
17541 an increased focus on the common good
17542 It's kind of a good thing, bad thing,
17543 Since we launched #CanadaPerforms two weeks ago, we've received proposals from authors, poets and writers who had their book events cancelled, and are looking at ways to connect with their readers,
17544 This is my time to get rich
17545 In the best scenario for Italy, we expect zero growth (in 2020) with a negative first quarter followed by a slow recovery,
17546 You can see the computer age everywhere but in the [ labour ] productivity statistics.
17547 The CAP will focus on areas that will provide maximum results in alleviating the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, with a focus on protecting against job losses, protecting livelihoods, supporting small businesses, and ensuring the programme is efficiently and sustainably implemented,
17548 There are other scenarios that one could have chosen.
17549 bigger effects cannot be ruled out,
17550 Or his email, that would be kind of weird, and show his picture and then tell everybody, `Hey, look at all of his activities, look at his relationships,' and then maybe express your feelings towards him directly of any kind, and do it for the rest of your life. I could do that, and I just don't know if that's proper.
17551 Rental rates are too high in Florida,
17552 The government has got to make sure the next round of stimulus does impact the economic activity and almost immediately if they can humanly do it,
17553 the men and women in law enforcement stand -- between good and evil.
17554 You have to take the machinery that exists and empower it rather than recreate it.
17555 If our farmers go out of business, there is no one to feed us,
17556 the political moves of Fetullah Glen.
17557 the unfolding of the Biblical prophesies. We have all the leaders of the nations of the world who have been brought to Zion, to Jerusalem, and all here supporting the Jewish people and standing for the Jewish people.
17558 We all have our own personalities, and I don't think that should be a huge thing about what's going on right now,
17559 We're gon na get a national teaching moment now. It's not tenable.
17560 carries quite a bit of risk with it
17561 not just on the medical side but also on the economic side,
17562 to ensure a just distribution
17563 You know, if J'Lo or Snoop Dog wants to buy them... hey, call me.
17564 As it pulls frames from a new video, it applies them to the neural network to classify the defect,
17565 I believe we will overcome these difficult days under the guidance of science and wisdom and with strong social solidarity,
17566 I would encourage a statement, because it's in the interests of everyone,
17567 If you're pharma, this is bad,
17568 It would be better if we can purchase the medical goods from G2G process. We had also approached both our neighboring countries for the supply of medical kits before as well but they appeared reluctant as they were already coping with the virus outbreak,
17569 Overall, the risks to the global economy remain on the downside, despite positive news on trade and diminishing concerns of a no-deal Brexit. New trade tensions could emerge between the United States and the European Union, and US-China trade tensions could return. Such events alongside rising geopolitical risks and intensifying social unrest could reverse easy financing conditions, expose financial vulnerabilities, and severely disrupt growth,
17570 It is very likely that this year the global economy will experience its worst recession since the Great Depression,
17571 major revision over a very short period
17572 the magnitude and speed of collapse in activity that has followed is unlike anything experienced in our lifetimes.
17573 This recovery in 2021 is only partial as the level of economic activity is projected to remain below the level we had projected for 2021, before the virus hit,
17574 While there are signs of stabilization, the global outlook remains sluggish and there are no clear signs of a turning point,
17575 Most major issue to address is the weakness in credit growth. There need to be policies that can resuscitate credit growth but at the same time don't create further NPA problems, that is the first step. There needs to be a quicker recapitalisation of banks,
17576 they are not equal to Hindus
17577 We are going through due process of prosecution. There are many more prosecutions ahead,
17578 Prime Minister Narendra Modi can answer this question. I am in favour (of this). Lord Ganesha removes obstacles. I rather say that a picture of Goddess Lakshmi (on currency notes) may improve the condition of Indian currency. Nobody should feel bad about this.
17579 And nothing kills incentive as unthinking taxation does,
17580 You want 10 per cent growth rate, then investment rate to the GDP should be 37 per cent and 3.7 per cent should be your efficiency factor and not five per cent as it is today,
17581 The measures that can be taken are... first Income Tax needs to be abolished. The tax terrorism in our country needs to be reined in so that people start investing and do not fear taxman,
17582 Unfortunately the current government, post a massive election win, has focused more on fulfilling its political and social agenda rather than paying attention to economics,
17583 To reassure investors, the government could express its commitment to return to fiscal rectitude, backing up its intent by accepting the setting up of an independent fiscal council and medium term debt target as suggested by NK Singh Committee,
17584 When young people of diverse faiths march together, Hindus and Muslims arm-in-arm behind our national flag, rejecting artificial divides stoked by political leaders for their own gain, they show that the spirit of our constitution still burns brightly,
17585 You're looking at one of the biggest negative job numbers you've ever seen,
17586 The problem is that in Europe they're already negative, so there's not a lot of room,
17587 If the coronavirus is contained relatively soon then China goes back to normal and Australia accumulates some inventories, but they send those inventories to China in April,
17588 A region that's been growing at steady 6 per cent overall could see, even in our baseline scenario, as much as 4 percentage points cut off the growth rate,
17589 at the time, more of my father's son.
17590 At the end of the day, if we focus on the fundamental point that every child deserves true access to maximizing his or her potential, we will make the right choices,
17591 Not to see myself in the history of Maryland made me sad.
17592 Central banks do not have a lot of room to manoeuvre so fiscal policy is better equipped to handle shocks.
17593 Governing Council agreed that the downsize risks to the economy today are more then sufficient to outweigh our continuing concern about financial vulnerabilities.
17594 will continue to improve the quality of the stock of mortgage debt.
17595 Covid-19 is a complete unknown unknown. It has come at a very bad time -- on the back of three years of economic crunch.
17596 I am writing to you directly to assure you that Edelweiss has no relationship with Capstone Forex and all allegations of FEMA violations are false.
17597 If I were the commissioner, I would first of all call the attention of the four countries to the principles about who is responsible for what in Europe.
17598 just because monetary policy can become more expansionary
17599 Only 15 years ago, beer accounted for 50 per cent of all sales of alcohol. That number is now below 38 per cent, according to AC Nielson,
17600 so they have more room to play around with prices.
17601 first major food company in the world to be carbon neutral.
17602 I think it points to the reality of the diet itself, it's not an easy diet to follow,
17603 To be honest it is considered a very obscure industry... nothing is negotiated in public, compared to beef or pork for example,
17604 It's happening 10 to 15 years too late with pulses, but at least it's happening,
17605 You may find apps at some point only offering Indian cuisine and have a list of different restaurants
17606 Otherwise we are staring at irrelevance,
17607 We know what to do and it is there in our manifesto as well. If the Prime Minister asks us, we will certainly share with him.
17608 With this V-C the campus cannot return to normalcy and the government should force him to resign,
17609 Problem with this very accomplished and erudite foreign minister is that he wishes to forget the books he read before becoming Foreign Secretary in Jan 2015. Do refresh your memory...
17610 Menon is made the villain of 1962,
17611 We demand that the government allow unfettered access to J&K to all politicians and not resort to guided tours for envoys,
17612 In light of the fake news doing the rounds that Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru did not want Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in his cabinet, sharing a series of letters & amp; documents.
17613 communal interest and also helped communal Muslim interests.
17614 Taking away those requirements would prohibit agencies from considering the impact to air quality -- or water quality -- from a proposed project,
17615 Regrettably, this administration has failed to support the agency financially,
17616 I have been outspoken and critical of this Administration's haphazard and dangerous foreign policy, particularly with regard to Iran. As a result of the decisions of the Trump administration, Iran no longer has limits on its nuclear program. We watched the people of Iran take to the streets to rally behind the government and mourn General Soleimani. We have given the most extreme voices within the Iranian regime exactly what they wanted. Meanwhile, President Trump continues to threaten additional strikes against Iran and further escalate tensions.
17617 My office  s review of the draft final rule indicates that it utterly fails to provide any demonstrable safety, environmental or economic benefit to consumers or the country,
17618 This rule utterly fails to deliver any of its promised benefits of safer, more affordable fuel-efficient cars,
17619 This measure will commemorate a man that Americans will now remember and honor for generations to come.
17620 If it were solely an environmental agreement, I could not vote for it,
17621 And I think there's actually some wisdom in that.
17622 Technology has come a long way in finding things that can affect viruses, so we have some hope that science's response will shorten the full life cycle of this crisis,
17623 Ideally, when the effects of the virus pass, people will go back to work, to school, to the shops, and the economy will return to normal,
17624 Our focus is not on whether there is a race problem in economics,
17625 If not, they'll have a buffer that will be needed to support the credit needs of the economy.
17626 This is a huge, unprecedented, devastating hit, and my hope is that we will get back to business as quickly as possible,
17627 The analysis in the chapter clearly shows that the evidence in favour of an overstated Indian GDP disappears completely in a correctly specified econometric model,
17628 For the economy to recover, investment must revive, which is why the government recently announced a major infrastructure initiative,
17629 The Bank will take all necessary steps to support the UK economy and financial system, consistent with our statutory responsibilities. Our policy arsenal includes monetary policy instruments, special liquidity facilities, and macroprudential tools,
17630 We're in a different place. This is not about making it to a weekend.
17631 To be clear, these are still early days. It is less of a case of so far, so good, than so far, good enough.
17632 We referred [ to the FCA ] the incident and the parties involved in the incident which would include not just the technical party related to the audio link but the parties who used the information,
17633 With major investors, the question is: what is your plan to get to net-zero?
17634 private finance will have a critical role to play in a successful transition to a net zero carbon economy
17635 The governor of the BoE does not make such comments lightly. Our base case is for the BoE to remain on hold in first half 2020 as economic momentum rebounds. We then expect the BoE to hike the bank rate by 25 basis points in third quarter 2020. Carney's comments today highlight the risks to this call. We thus cannot rule out a surprise rate cut or the restarting of asset purchases in the very near term. While Carney also noted that the BoE forecasts these `negative trends to reverse' , we believe it would be unnecessary for the BoE to seek to `reinforce the expected recovery' ,
17636 if the world is slower than the UK, a very open economy, it will have an impact
17637 The mistake is in the labelling.
17638 If you're not at the table to set the rules, it's unlikely that those rules are going to be exactly what you think they should be,
17639 Given the scale of the climate challenge and the rising expectations of our citizens, 2020 must be a year of climate action where everybody's in, and that includes the world's leading financial center,
17640 There is more room for easing expectations to rise should incoming data disappoint and that could keep short-term sterling downside risks intact,
17641 This race is going to be won in many different ways,
17642 Today's dramatic action by the Fed, lowering rates to zero, buying Treasuries and MBS, and encouraging banks to go to the discount window, will significantly reduce stress in the system. MBA expects these actions will lower mortgage rates, helping homeowners save money through refinancing, and thereby, providing a boost to the broader economy.
17643 Start doing some landscaping and all of those things you can start to do to make sure you are ready, because as soon as we start flattening that curve, things are going to explode again.
17644 Going forward they will lose some momentum given their strong performance in the past,
17645 Hence, we may see greater demand from wealthy Chinese households.
17646 I don't know which force will be greater: the negative impact of job cuts, if that was to occur, or the positive influence of low mortgage rates,
17647 Home sales will decline this spring because of unique economic and social consequences resulting from the coronavirus outbreak,
17648 We are giving an opportunity to most of government Ministries, Departments and Agencies, particularly the 17 priority programmes to come and tell their own stories,
17649 While the uncertainty is substantial, we expect the lockdowns and social distancing to result in sharply lower new infections over the next month, and our baseline is that slower virus spread and adaptation by businesses and individuals should set the stage for a gradual recovery in output starting in May/June.
17650 Europe and North America are indispensable partners.
17651 In 2019, Allies also restated their commitment to supporting eventual NATO membership of Georgia and Ukraine in line with the 2008 Bucharest Summit decision and subsequent Summits,
17652 shows the strong U.S. commitment to NATO and to the freedom and security of Europe,
17653 Today, the #NATO council meets at Turkey's request to consult under Article 4 of NATO's founding Washington Treaty on the situation in Syria,
17654 Allies continue to consult and remain committed to our training mission in Iraq,
17655 at some stage the Afghans have to be in charge, fully, of their future,
17656 We will discuss our response to the whole range of Russian missile systems -- conventional and nuclear -- currently deployed or under development.
17657 precautionary measure to protect its personnel
17658 make the circulation of people and goods easier and faster within the Western Balkans region.
17659 speed up and step up assistance
17660 You are right that this crisis is special because normally when we have natural disaster it is one or two allies directly affected and all the others can come to provide to the one ally affected,
17661 fully engage in UN-led efforts for a peaceful political solution
17662 after unusually high levels of activity in the English Channel and North Sea.
17663 I can't believe she's finally retiring,
17664 I pledge to be independent in my decision making. Frankly, no one tells me what to do.
17665 the Fed is one of the few parts of America's government not to have been afflicted by the country's toxic partisan divides and win-at-all-costs politics.
17666 Every American -- even our President -- has the right to criticize the Federal Reserve.
17667 is your only alternative,
17668 I really wanted to do right by him and that character and I knew the only way this joke was really going to work is if I was massive. Because the bigger he was or the more capable of being a beast in the field he was, the funnier it was that he was in the van,
17669 Obviously, the hope is that people fall in love with this world and that they want to see more of it, but I don't think that there's any world where we ever do a film and Will and Martin aren't some way a part of it. It's been a huge honor for both of us.
17670 In principle, global value chains make it easier to engage in import or export activities because the manufacturing of parts does not require the full range of capabilities of producing a finished product,
17671 Post-war, we started to grow as a small manufacturing sector and then it really exploded in the '80s,
17672 Private sector schools have a greater degree of autonomy than a public sector schools,
17673 The key word is `profitable,' because we do know that capitalism does have the ability to allocate resources in the most efficient way,
17674 the markets and the economy will soar,
17675 I have enormous respect for KKR and Blackstone,
17676 backfill the economy and bridge us through the crisis,
17677 redeploying our capital in companies we love at bargain prices that are built to withstand this crisis.
17678 The PBoC needs to exceed the market expectations, not hit them in this environment,
17679 Toward this end, I am proud that an exceptional and diverse group of eminent individuals with high-level policy, market, and private sector experience has agreed to serve on my external advisory group.
17680 The IMF's current framework, grounded in more conventional economic thinking, broadly steers members towards using the exchange rate as a shock absorber,
17681 wave of bankruptcies and layoffs
17682 We would see shrinkage of this negative impact, but not the eradication of this impact.
17683 to counteract the social, economic and financial impacts of the pandemic.
17684 What we are concentrating on, is to act decisively with what we have, and where there is full consensus among members. We recognise that there are other options to be explored, and we will continue to do so,
17685 Never in the history of the IMF have we witnessed the world economy coming to a standstill. It is way worse than the global financial crisis.
17686 Morocco is considered to be one of the few countries in Africa to have 22% of its GDP in the form of income, while most countries suffer from financial difficulties,
17687 What we are wrestling is with uncertainty,
17688 Our new research shows that inequality tends to increase before a financial crisis, signaling a strong link between inequality and financial stability,
17689 Thanks to the generosity of our shareholders, we have about $1 trillion in overall lending capacity,
17690 At the moment the financial system is in good shape, there has been a lot done since the financial crisis to put us on a better footing today.
17691 I am impressed to see Morocco engaged constructively in economic prosperity through investments in the rest of Africa,
17692 Because it is such a gigantic, dramatic development, a virtual standstill of the world economy, it requires massive, well-targeted measures,
17693 constant contact and close coordination
17694 strengthen our crisis response.
17695 to cover their IMF debt obligations for an initial phase over the next six months and will help them channel more of their scarce financial resources towards vital emergency medical and other relief efforts,
17696 that it can represent a source of inspiration for other countries
17697 This is a crisis like no other. Never in the history of the IMF have we witnessed the world economy coming to a standstill. It's way worse than the global financial crisis.
17698 macro-critical in many countries,
17699 We also know that it (outbreak) will eventually retreat, but we don't know how fast this will happen.
17700 The financial sector can play a crucial role in moving the world to net zero carbon emissions and reach the targets of the Paris Agreement,
17701 They may have children from a series of relationships, some or none of whom they know and some of whom are living with other men. Such fractured and fragile relationships bring little daily joy or comfort and do little to assure middle-aged men that they are living a good life,
17702 We discussed the various incentives available to investors and the security of their investments. Target sectors of interest from investors are mining, tourism, agriculture, pharmaceuticals, and services. Zimbabwe will work specific incentives for Swiss investors in these sectors.
17703 The global community is committed to support Zimbabwe in the sourcing of grain and other foods to deal with the effects of drought,
17704 I am aware of the various projects in Kanyemba, which include an information centre, fixed telephone lines, an exhibition park, transmitters and base station for television and radio stations,
17705 We're buying above-average companies at below-average prices.
17706 Workers continue to experience losses long after the wage freeze has been lifted,
17707 a conservative bunch that adapt slowly,
17708 I think the sharemarket as a benchmark is down 15, 16 per cent in a few weeks, and that's a lot of money on your super or your direct holdings or your shares. And if unemployment goes up, regardless of interest rates, you're going to get a problem.
17709 I was delighted to see the Guptas added to the global Magnitsky list
17710 We would strongly urge you to lay before both Houses Magnitsky legislation which addresses this issue, in order to prevent the UK from becoming a magnet for individuals engaged in corruption.
17711 Laying foundation stone of Allama Iqbal Industrial City in Faisalabad
17712 nervous to say so,
17713 As the COVID-19 outbreak escalates, our focus has been on keeping people safe and informed by making sure everyone has accurate information, supporting global health experts and stopping misinformation,
17714 but we were worried.
17715 Equality at work depends on equality at home, and that starts with equality in dating.
17716 are not covered by the media so they can't get their message out otherwise.
17717 In this challenging time, when information is changing daily, we are listening to and learning from scores of small businesses to understand what they need now and what they will need down the road,
17718 Speaker, the total estimated fiscal impact from the shortfall in petroleum receipts, shortfall import duties, shortfall in other tax revenues, the cost of the preparedness plan, and the cost of Coronavirus Alleviation Programme is GH 9,505 million,
17719 this is a call to arms; there is no better time than now for ALI fellows to rise up to the challenges facing the continent. There are shining lights coming from the activities of fellows, however, a critical mass needs to be attained, as well as the pan African reach, with a sense of urgency. The AIF gives an opportunity to reboot and receive strength for the work before us.
17720 would've brought any economy, weak or strong, to its knees,
17721 Given the extraordinary deterioration of the labor market in a matter of weeks,
17722 If you can keep people on for when your demand for your goods and services ramps back up, then you don't have to go through hiring and retraining,
17723 I have been a labor economist for a very long time and I have never seen anything like this. This is a case where a picture is worth a thousand words.
17724 We haven't made the investments that we would need to be agile and effective enough to absorb what we're seeing.
17725 a place of complete calm...
17726 He modernized Saskatchewan from being a very rural province. I can remember my mom talking about growing up in southern Saskatchewan, it was an outhouse, no electricity it was a typical pioneer living. Tommy helped get the electricity in, paved the roads,
17727 From Adam Smith to the Wealth of America,
17728 We need to be able to figure out as a society who is behaving badly and who is not.
17729 We've made it very clear to UEFA and to the chairman of the FAI today that we want to see more democracy in the election of the Council. That's very important,
17730 The grants we are announcing today in addition to the 25 grants announced on Friday last, will help deliver state-of the -- art facilities across the country and across a variety of sports.
17731 I've been riding motorcycles since I was eight years old, and just love them I suppose,
17732 a health issue rather than a transport or sport or any other issue, but we will take whatever step is necessary
17733 An investigation is under way and Friedman was suspended pending the conclusion thereof.
17734 As corporate parents I would not be happy with our own children being out of education, employment and training.
17735 As part of an effort to do that we asked salaried employees to take a temporary 20% pay cut while preserving everyone's full benefits -- and keeping our 1500 hourly workers paid throughout the regular season. After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologize for getting this wrong.
17736 We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salaries. This is an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any most of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment.
17737 Ray and I are in agreement that the Devils need to move in a new direction and that this change is in the best interest of the team,
17738 We're very comfortable with Tom and his leadership and the support of Marty and the organization. We think we'll do what we need to do at the trade deadline to improve the team.
17739 With thousands of people still being killed and injured at the hands of drink-drivers every year, and little sign of this situation improving, decisive action needs to be taken. We're calling on the Government to lower the limit and implement an effective zero tolerance on drink-driving, making clear to drivers that when you're behind the wheel, not a drop of alcohol is safe.
17740 Banks need to sharpen their managerial efforts to refocus their business models, deploy effective strategies on digitalisation, and achieve more radical improvements in cost efficiency.
17741 almost all banks have adequate levels of capital, in excess of all requirements
17742 But in the current crisis... whether or not Europeans help each other fast in this acute emergency can shape popular perceptions of what Europe stands for -- and for a long time to come.
17743 Detroit has always been an incredible place of innovation and opportunity, and the Detroit Center for Innovation will usher the city into a new era of leadership in technology. This gift is a symbol of progress and momentum in Detroit and I am incredibly proud to advance this transformative project. My time at the University of Michigan was foundational for my life and career, and I hope the students who come here seize the opportunity to make a difference and make an impact here in Detroit and across the country,
17744 It is a good time to reflect again on how we have performed for you as a risk mitigation strategy, if for no other reason than to give you some reassurance and even solace following one of the scariest months for markets on record,
17745 If the pandemic doesn't pop this bubble then, of course, it will be something else that eventually accomplishes this,
17746 That is what makes us all suspicious, that he wants to remove it because there's some reason why he thinks it will restrict what he wants to do and therefore that he's going to, in the end, betray the commitments that have been made to the most vulnerable children of all.
17747 To end up with one of the most senior public servants in the country taking court action against one of the great offices of state shows a shocking level of breakdown in the normal functioning of government,
17748 This is an incredibly important part of the recovery process, as your time in these regions supports thousands of local jobs and businesses that underpin the vibrant communities,
17749 A short stay really does go a long way so if you can have a night or two in country Victoria it will be enormously appreciated -- and you'll have a ball.
17750 We basically had two weeks of incredible images being broadcast around the world. We've actually seen the largest attendance in Australian history, so whilst those fires would not have been helpful for a period of time... those who have been paying attention would have seen that Melbourne and many, many parts of Victoria are absolutely open for business.
17751 Any question that's couched in terms of `is it possible?' I would say, right now, pretty much anything's possible.
17752 It's worth noting that already this week, racing has been conducted at Echuca, Ballarat, Bendigo, Benalla and Kilmore.
17753 Goods and Services Tax (GST) is still work in progress. GST was supposed to be revenue neutral. But the government has lost revenue post-GST implementation, which is not tenable,
17754 I think we're just starting to see this emerge into the phenomena that it's going to become. So I think this is a huge area. I can tell you the students who are focusing on these areas are not having a problem finding jobs here in Los Angeles and in other places,
17755 If you take the most likely scenario and the CDC is roughly right, then it's pretty hard to avoid one.
17756 The only growth areas [ for jobs ] will be in personal delivery to homes and health care,
17757 The recession feels inevitable at this point,
17758 A pandemic will result in global and U.S. recessions during the first half of this year,
17759 Not confident at all. Recession is more than likely.
17760 The global economy was already on its backheels because of the trade war. And when you're on your back heels, all you need is a shove to fall backwards,
17761 The first quarter was probably down 4 or 5% I think. A lot really depends on what you're assuming for the timing of the lock down and what a lockdown means in terms of output.
17762 Covid-19 is a particularly pernicious economic shock, as it is both a supply and demand-side shock,
17763 At the moment, it feels like we are in a bit of a free-fall. We are headed to at least high single-digit unemployment, maybe double-digits unemployment.
17764 It's more marketing there,
17765 is very integrated with Chinese suppliers,
17766 It's reasonable to assume that those effects will manifest in the data in about 2 or 3 months,
17767 Should Place-Based Jobs Policies Be Used to Help Distressed Communities?
17768 The data we have so far suggest that the drop in aggregate spending already taking place will be extremely large,
17769 When I go to American cities people go crazy on me and say: `Please bring it here, can we please have it here? '
17770 As leaders in education, research, medicine, and service, our actions affect the lives of Iowans and people all over the world. We must break down barriers, challenge preconceptions, and commit to working together with welcoming arms and open minds. Our ability to foster equity and inclusion will determine our collective success.
17771 By historic standards, this is a pretty progressive tax increase,
17772 I'm therefore keeping my forecast that BI cuts again by another 25 basis points in the second quarter as growth disappoints, and we're still not seeing clear indications of more fiscal support.
17773 If Covid is prolonged by 3-6 months, and if there is lockdown and if international trade falls by 30%, and also international flights are affected, the scenario can be more severe,
17774 That doesn't mean that you want the same policies everywhere.
17775 The Finance Ministry has updated and made available to investors a presentation on Ukraine. Be welcome to use it,
17776 This is meaningful and requires our attention.
17777 This is to show our appreciation and support for the Chinese people,
17778 an agreement between two successful and ambitious airlines with a shared common purpose to enhance the customer experience. We have moved on from past issues and look forward to working closely with American Airlines to build a world-leading partnership for all our customers.
17779 We are delighted to support the Al Wasmi Garden Festival. It is a fantastic new initiative for Qatar that will delight residents and visitors alike, and is a great addition to our country's excellent calendar of events. I hope that visitors to the festival will especially enjoy the French Garden by Qatar Airways, inspired by the palace gardens of France,
17780 Our investment to date has been highly successful and the announced increase in our shareholding is evidence of our continued support of IAG and its strategy. Qatar Airways continues to consider opportunities to invest in airlines and support management teams that share our vision to enhance travel opportunities for airline passengers across the globe.
17781 We're being very, very careful to make sure we have scientifically valid modelling that's drawing properly on the epidemic and what's known about the virus,
17782 When you change what you eat, when you bike rather than drive, you become a different kind of person,
17783 Even with a projected strong subsequent rebound, global profits are expected to stand 20per cent below their forecasted pre-pandemic level at the end of next year.
17784 The central scenario is for CPI inflation to be around 2.0 percent in the near term and to fluctuate around that rate over the next couple of years.
17785 I'm hoping it's a fairly temporary event.
17786 Since we live in an interconnected world, we cannot ignore this shift in world interest rates.
17787 We have made it very clear to the banking industry that we expect them to develop the functionality to allow the merchant to choose which payment rails it goes through, the international schemes or the EFTPOS schemes,
17788 temporarily weigh on domestic growth
17789 liquidity conditions are highly stressed
17790 It's important we don't catastrophize here,
17791 It might get worse... Under more severely strained circumstances, we will have to rethink our playbook substantially. Some banking systems might have to be recapitalized or even restructured,
17792 It (the plan to abolish the reservation) has created an environment of insecurity among all minorities as well as among the Christian community. We need to make inroads.... I think we need to (take up) constructive measures, find ways of taking this up in the community as well as in the larger Christian community. Make representations so that something can be done in this direction,
17793 It's my understanding that the contractor is willing and able to start swinging the wrecking ball, so to speak. And it's our intent to proceed with the demolition up until the point that any bond is posted.
17794 It wouldn't be a bad deal to get an extra week off at Christmas time,
17795 It would creep up through the generations -- it wouldn't bite you in the seat of the pants,
17796 Many call for firms to integrate social concerns into their objective functions, thereby challenging Milton Friedman's classic statement that `the social responsibility of business is to increase its profits' .
17797 number-one gin brand in Asia
17798 So if this were going to last just that long, $US1 trillion might be enough,
17799 Companies went into this situation with relatively limited cash balances,
17800 In 1987, there was a very limited impact from markets to the economy, whereas today, the weakening economy is the No. 1 reason why markets have been doing so poorly,
17801 The decision to postpone this annual event was made out of concern for the safety of our members, guests and the hotel staff.
17802 We have all the necessary resources to fulfil the goals set by the president,
17803 Of course, to achieve these goals [ of the government's work in the socio-economic sector ], we need to maintain macroeconomic balance, and therefore, to accumulate additional revenues to fulfill the commitments,
17804 As for reports saying that law enforcement agencies will get unlimited access to people's online personal data, the way it was presented has nothing to do with the real state of things. There was no discussion of such a plan,
17805 A broad interpretation of our monetary policy mandate would ultimately jeopardize independence, and quite rightly in my view,
17806 There are instruments available, fiscal policy instruments or social policy instruments for such cases, like short term allowances, that we have used in the past and that have proved quite effective,
17807 I would say that there is a lot of movement going on. I'm very optimistic that we will get a carbon tax very soon,
17808 ignores all of the much greater incentives to subsidize the production and consumption of fossil fuels.
17809 Of course I would be happy to assist the parliamentary committee in any way I can if asked to give evidence.
17810 We anticipated bumps -- students needing passwords and that sort of thing -- but we worked through those,
17811 We are regaining our strength. I have even started to run again, although quite slowly and about half my usual distance. I am careful to run routes where I am unlikely to encounter others, and I have a mask I can pull up if I do.
17812 those who seek to sow confusion and reap the fruits of ignorance.
17813 I am extremely grateful to Nitin for his willingness to alter his plans -- an act of institutional commitment wholly characteristic of his profound devotion to HBS and to the University.... Finally, I'm thankful to all of you for your resilience, your flexibility, and your dedication to the well-being of others, at a time when such qualities matter even more than usual. In more than the usual way, I wish you well.
17814 Once the Corporation has considered it and dealt with it -- as I mentioned to the FAS faculty -- I will report back to the faculty,
17815 But wearing a mask all the time will be ineffective because it will allow viruses to be transmitted around it, through it and worse still if it becomes moist it will encourage the growth of viruses and bacteria.
17816 You can have anywhere from 25 to 100 pages of information in (title documents),
17817 Even as good as the economic times are right now, we know there are still a lot of people in the community that suffer from hunger and so we see an opportunity here to help address that problem in a manner that will benefit a lot of people,
17818 Historical Memorials Protection Act,
17819 If the council says that they support this initiative and they want to make sure that the lives of working people are eased during this crisis, I would urge no delays in having the urgent committee meetings we will need to discuss this legislation and to pass this bill without any delays and without any watering down,
17820 This is huge and I think we should be proud of our movement,
17821 to guarantee that anyone in our region with a respiratory illness has access to a doctor's visit without fear of medical bills.
17822 but while homelessness exists, there is absolutely no justification for people to be left unsheltered.
17823 in order to attract strategic investors to the market who can have a positive impact by, for example, investing in the infrastructure of a club.
17824 It's true sometimes, you could even argue that it's true often, but it's not always true -- and if you're not careful, you can end up in a situation where it's not true anymore, and that's exactly where we are today,
17825 The U.S. used to be a place where access to internet was very cheap. Around [ the year ] 2000 it was one of the cheapest places in the world among advanced economies,
17826 Broadly speaking, over the last 20 years in the US, we see profits of incumbents becoming more persistent, because they are less challenged, their market share has become both larger and more stable, and at the same time, we see a lot of lobbying by incumbents, in particular to get their mergers approved or to protect their rents,
17827 So, we have to manage $12 million [ around Tk 100 crore ] from the government funds in this regard,
17828 The crisis will also cause massive upheaval on the job market. This could put the situation at the high point of the financial crisis into the shadows.
17829 The median age in a lot of countries is 20 or 18, much younger than in Europe, and it appears that young people who are infected are often asymptomatic or just get a cold.
17830 We assume that students prefer remote learning. I am personally running three separate experiments with several hundred participants on whether that is true. It is not true.
17831 Who is a citizen, who is not, who can be allowed to enter, who is barred? Would families be allowed to live together in detention camps? Would children be separated from parents? The government wants us to worry over our future with such questions, without creating any solution for the problems the Assam NRC has caused,
17832 at the time that was really outside the lines.
17833 It works. It's the best thing for individual investors to do for the core of their portfolio.
17834 It's essential to get (the Department of) Public Enterprises reformed, and to be effective and improve the functioning of key (SOEs) like Eskom. That has been one clear factor at play during 2019.
17835 makes a lot of Iranians scared of where the future is headed, and I don't think that's good for the regime.
17836 There should be lots of consultation with Iraqi politicians about just how heavy the price will be if more Americans are killed.
17837 There is a point in time where they see prices are flattening out and prices are going down... so flippers stop buying, or some percentage of them.
17838 Today the 19th March 2020, is the most important day in the history of this country: we are starting a real change from today following the journey we started after the constitutional court ruling on the May 2019 presidential election that nullified the elections on 3rd February 2020,
17839 I will be honest with you. You do things for fun [ the posts on Facebook and other social media platforms ], but they are people who take such things seriously to the extent that they can eliminate you... some don't even write the posts, they simply for what others are posting and report to their bosses... I am telling you: people lose jobs, people get fired from cabinet positions with such mere posts.
17840 We want a nation in which everyone should be happy,
17841 With universal health insurance,
17842 Taxation of Financial Capital: Is the Wealth Tax the Solution?,
17843 closely monitoring the emergence of the coronavirus.
17844 Absolutely, the fundamentals in the U.S. are strong -- sustained growth, strongest labor market in 50 years, price stability with inflation close to our goal. So, yeah, it's a good picture,
17845 It is a wildcard,
17846 industries grew up around the sugar [ industry ], and those industries persisted. And once you have this manufacturing environment, that can lead to other changes: More infrastructure and more schools have persisted in these areas as well.
17847 It is not a healthy scenario at all. What we have is probably two quarters of oil prices in the $40 range. It's quite possible... if indeed it's a price war, you could see it sub - $40,
17848 This award is equally a recognition of UNEP and its vibrant and active TEEB community,
17849 a recession may result in near-zero interest rates at long maturities, bringing U.S. experience closer to that seen in Europe and Japan.
17850 For UberX, you have to essentially get in a little shuttle and go over to a parking lot to get the more economy options,
17851 These loans can't be available fast enough and we strongly recommend eliminating the payroll test and making the $10,000 forgivable portion a simple grant that is available quickly,
17852 If they're building a plant with a capacity of 3 million tons a year, that's presumably because they expect to be able to produce that,
17853 sustained, substantial and likely to continue
17854 sends a strong message to comparison websites and search engines that if ranking or ordering of results is based or influenced by advertising, they should be upfront and clear with consumers about this so that consumers are not misled
17855 We have been watching prices closely, and have observed instances where prices offered have included a fixed price component, on top of an LNG spot price linked component,
17856 There is, of course, a cost to consider as white, male doctors and lawyers and other professionals are replaced by, or competing with, other people,
17857 this level of belligerence is very unlikely in the case of Venezuela,
17858 do more, correct things, redouble efforts
17859 We define state capture as the efforts of firms to shape the laws, policies, and regulations of the state to their own advantage by providing illicit private gains to public officials.
17860 WORTH THE PRICE? Joe Biden and the Launch of the Iraq War,
17861 The OAS needs to explain why it made these statements and why anyone should trust it when it comes to elections.
17862 But the Fed has clearly determined that that risk is not worth holding back... without any further delay.
17863 A key question is whether Modi is willing to use some of his political capital to push through the privatisation and related reforms
17864 Don't f *** with President Trump
17865 especially in an era when attacks against American Jews have become an epidemic.
17866 So if Greta comes this year, she will see that we have made substantial progress,
17867 are certainly aiming to create better inclusiveness for the American people. I want to thank you personally, particularly, for injecting optimism into our discussions.
17868 We try -- and I think quite successfully -- to integrate the bottom-up, young generation very much.
17869 Some people... say:' I am willing to take the risk of a very low interest rate now' , and others say the problem with that is, if you do end up with a financial stability problem, the very people you are trying to help are going to be the ones that are hurt worse... That is kind of the issue. It may be about a time-frame question.
17870 tainted though it may be
17871 The Russian Federal Service for Veterinary and Phytosanitary Supervision was tasked with introducing a temporary ban on import and transit of all types of exotic animals, insects, arthropods, fish and other aquatic organisms on the territory of Russia from China until March 1, 2020,
17872 we have a whole generation of entrepreneurs who've never experienced anything like this before
17873 I think we need to open up again in some method, due to the fact that otherwise the security damages is going to be amazing,
17874 Roads to Prosperity or Bridges to Nowhere? Theory and Evidence on the Impact of Public Infrastructure Investment.
17875 The question that the show poses is -- if you hunt monsters, do you risk becoming a monster yourself?
17876 bold and pulpy and fresh,
17877 There's this great world-weariness about him so few young actors can achieve,
17878 He keep the accent off-camera, he devotes all of his time and being to ensuring the authenticity of this person and exploring depths and dimensions about him that we couldn't even imagine.
17879 people were really afraid of it
17880 The speed and extent of the subsequent rebound remains deeply uncertain, but it is clear that both Congress and the Fed appreciate the depth and extent of the problem.
17881 This is good news, but it's about relevant as data from 1975,
17882 Job growth clearly has slowed from its peak, but the sharp downturn in most of the forward-looking surveys -- pointing to payroll growth of just 50,000 or so -- has not been fully captured in the data,
17883 Italy yesterday reported a 6.9% increase in cases, the best day since the crisis began, lifting the doubling rate to 10.4 days. Further progress is likely over the next week, given the paths seen in China and Korea.
17884 There are only three housing courts in Ohio -- in Franklin County, Toledo and Cleveland.
17885 Unlike the labor-intensive traditional industries, the new economy focuses on consumption and value-added products and services through advanced technology. But the economic transition is harder than expected. Although consumption has become more relevant, the slower growth in household disposable income poses new challenges,
17886 We are working to strengthen developing nations
17887 Many were already in a difficult debt situation, leaving no space for an appropriate health and economic response,
17888 Removing regulatory barriers along with obstacles to access to finance and markets can give women-led businesses the opportunity to succeed,
17889 We remain fully committed to maintaining a productive dialogue with our stakeholders and will leverage our IT-related and virtual connection capabilities to the fullest to hold our essential policy consultations with the membership.
17890 We'll get a lot of business and some household surveys that cleanly relate to the period after the election, so that will give us an initial read as to how people are responding.
17891 Additionally, the lower inflation rate at the end of 2019 proves that he was also successful in his primary objective of protecting the value of the currency,
17892 but a little game theory
17893 Historically, the stock market reflects the main drivers of the economy, and it tends to last,
17894 I think that if this continues for another month or so, then most people will be somehow affected by this.
17895 One of the big lessons from behavioural economics is that we make decisions as a function of the environment that we're in.
17896 You can say `Oh, we're doing goal-based savings because we can find out what people are saving for and then we can market to them in a better way, '
17897 The members are sitting at Karachi and Multan airports. People are unable to come from Balochistan. The session has been convened on a less-than-24-hour notice. The members are asking you to defer the questions whereas no written replies have been given to most of the questions. This is a joke,
17898 We will adopt a looser monetary policy if necessary. We still have room to do so. However, we will not let the interest rate becomes negative or zero.
17899 But this is not the case for everybody, and there is a part of society, and not a small one, that prefers or is constrained to use cash.
17900 Democracy is able to solve problems because citizen can rationalise issues and find an optimal solution. In Nigeria that is unlikely to take place because, a terrible thing has happened to us. Whereby any view that contravenes the policy of the government in power is condemned.
17901 most of the estimates are this is going to reduce GDP by somewhere between four and 10 per cent
17902 obsession with targets, outcomes and making people do things in a way where you can tick things off, has been very harmful
17903 They need supportive, calm climates in financial markets because most investors don't know these countries,
17904 What's the point of discussing deals if u don't know what you're trading?
17905 As much of as a successful campaigner he is, Salvini has a hard time where the democratic party still offers good government. This is reassuring for the national government,
17906 This would be the proper occasion to introduce eurobonds, directly connected to the coronavirus crisis,
17907 Ultra Wealthy Neighbors, A Feud and a Rape Case.
17908 So my heart went out to these women.
17909 Anything that slows the rate of the virus is the best thing you can do for the economy, even if by conventional measures it's bad for the economy.
17910 GOAU, which returned 54.1 percent in 2019, is a quant-based gold equities ETF that, once every quarter, rebalances the three largest gold royalty and streaming and companies,
17911 It's done exactly what we said it would, and we're excited for more investors to discover it now that it's been approved for trading on these three new platforms.
17912 I have three men working on my farm, and we take milk, cream cheese and meat to market in Mariupol. Everything's close by there, we'll find clients for the breezeblocks as well,
17913 is all too often combined with claims and accusations that have no basis in fact
17914 That's where you can get the bigger impacts on the economy.
17915 The banking system and other intermediaries can't function with yields and yield spreads so puny,
17916 The moment it leaves this window, we take action as need be.
17917 to arrive at a theory which `operationalizes' Schumpeter's notion of creative destruction - the process by which new innovations replace older technologies.
17918 We may need to do even more if necessary, and do it again and again until we all see the light at the end of the tunnel,
17919 Certainly after the GFC, in 2010 and 2011 when the US was on its big quantitative easing drive -- printing money -- the US dollar really weakened.
17920 We haven't seen that yet from China but I think they will be forced to do that.
17921 This new function was formed in line with PNB's overall portfolio diversification strategy which includes increasing its global investment exposure. Hafizuddin brings with him extensive experience in the areas of fundraising and financial reporting from his tenure in Khazanah Nasional Bhd and Ernst & Young Kuala Lumpur,
17922 We appreciate Senator Baldwin's continued support of fundamental scientific research, which helps advance the work of the many students, researchers and professors at UW -- Madison,
17923 Of all the decisions we've had to make in this extraordinary time, this one has been the most heartbreaking for me,
17924 significantly impact your professional and personal obligations at great individual expense.
17925 But because local councils in regional areas tend to be cash-strapped and tend to be grateful for any kind of investment that comes into regional areas, they tend to not want to know about any downsides,
17926 The Financial Secrecy Index is like the Hubble telescope of tracking harmful regulations around the planet and mapping out a trajectory towards a more transparent world but while countries around the world are making progress towards financial transparency the US seems to be digging its heels in secrecy
17927 The room available for conventional rate cuts is much smaller than in the past,
17928 They are positive steps,
17929 injected some energy at a period in the game when we desperately needed it
17930 A transition issue talks about political leadership, and it talks about national leadership, the economy, well-being of the people and what not... it is not the leadership of a Parent-Teacher Association, it is the national leadership and it should be handled with care and decorum,
17931 Bangabandhu's call for economic emancipation is still relevant,
17932 It's a simple reality of humanity that we all need private spaces where we are not observed, where we can be at peace, where we can be our true selves without fear of being exposed or being exploited.
17933 Policies imposed in rich countries to fight the coronavirus could have adverse effects in low-income nations -- potentially endangering more lives than they save.
17934 The fundamental objective is for products to maintain their prices,
17935 We have the energy technologies to do this, and we have to make use of them all. The IEA is building a grand coalition focused on reducing emissions-encompassing governments, companies, investors and everyone with a genuine commitment to tackling our climate challenge.
17936 We will see whether or not shale will be killed... which I don't think so,
17937 We need to accept that we cannot stop the coming wave of technological change. But we can moderate its impact on society. We should act with purpose, embracing AI as a tool that will enable us to create a better and fairer world.
17938 Whitehall needs greater continuity and institutional memory, with more professional and technical expertise, embodied in officials who are better trained and more scientifically literate -- in the broadest sense. But most of all it needs politicians who combine a determination to deliver on their promises with honesty, competence and a willingness to listen.
17939 I started playing football in 2006 and the journey has never been easy at all because in Africa when you want to start playing football it is never easy as is the case may be in Europe,
17940 So one has to go to the root cause what is causing it and remove those obstacles, hurdles and not try to give them some advantage by putting in tariffs. That only is encouraging inefficiency and small plants,
17941 The only thing we know historically is that toys have always been recession-proof. Kids will always have birthdays and Christmas always comes in December. Outside of that, time will tell.
17942 There is no local conflict in-country or warring neighbours, with ease of access, good medical facilities, a lack of corruption, security of tenure, the ability to repatriate earnings without much hassle and a reasonably stable government, compared with some African countries,
17943 We're going to have a very significant recession,
17944 When I talked to Ken, he asked that question. It wasn't the first question he asked, but he certainly asked it fairly quickly through the process. I gave him information, but I certainly didn't give him all the information.
17945 And we also expect a responsible and sensible approach to how these rules should be applied. That is, they would not apply, for example, to gambling branding on basketball players' uniforms.
17946 From the evidence we've received it's clear that many businesses are still not doing the right thing. This must change now. This is a health emergency-it cannot be business as usual.
17947 But with self-employed and freelancers still not covered by support-even as many of their businesses are now subject to lockdown - there is a worrying gap in the Government's strategy to protect these livelihoods which urgently needs to be put right.
17948 It is estimated that Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, which is a personal accident policy for unorganised workers, 90% of the business is done by PSGICs at a loss ratio of 221% whereas PSUs are mandated to offer these policies and private players are choosing not to service this huge loss-making scheme.
17949 The Sudanese people have suffered and this revolution will not be complete unless we realise the injustice of those who were targeted... my visit to Kauda is an important step to admit it.
17950 We have models from first principles that have had a significant impact especially in capital markets, and that allows us to layer on something else in terms of our process of discovery. There's a paper floating around that looks at 2.4 million trading strategies based on balance sheet information of companies and correlates that with future stock returns. The results showed that the second-best strategy is a measure of EPS divided by rental payments the firm owes four years in the future. It makes no sense, but that variable knocks the ball out of the park. What I'm saying is simple: that variable pops up in the top 10 for a machine learning algorithm, but no one in their right mind would consider trading it. It is a false factor and would be discarded. The number one thing is we need to use the theory we have, and that guides us.
17951 It seems that we're there now and we need to escape very quickly,
17952 We've raised over  500 through match fees and donations and look forward to seeing Feed Up Warm Up go from strength to strength.
17953 I think it's disappointing that this is the case but however he made his decision and he has to carry through with that.
17954 Depending on the pressures in the system in the months ahead, trusts (which provide health services) may have to consider postponing routine elective appointments and surgeries to focus on the immediate demands associated with coronavirus.
17955 is almost totally beholden to the fossil fuel lobby. Several of his senior staff are ex-coal executives; a couple of his key ministers have coal industry links; fossil fuel companies are major donors.
17956 I could be crude and say get off your arse. I cannot believe they have squandered all those opportunities to lead on this debate for the last 30 years,
17957 If @MikeBloomberg wants any hope of winning the Democratic nomination, he really needs to step up his #DemDebate game. He was a C + tonight at his best moments. He doesn't know his audience... He came in overconfident and underprepared.
17958 The fact that we have the strongest economy in 50 years and he's stuck at 43% approval ought to scream volumes for his language and his overreach,
17959 It's useful to adopt the cost-benefit frame, but the moment you do that, the outcomes are so overwhelming that you don't need to fill in the details to know what to do,
17960 Well, if the Fed's already cutting rates and doing QE, and we're not getting much results, think how much we'd have to do in order to hit the target.
17961 Why do we shift the risk to the U.S. taxpayer and create a huge windfall?
17962 Amid the economic challenges that arose and persisted in 2019, our country's growth trajectory and broadly improving social indicators show that we are on track to achieve our long-term national vision,
17963 Entertainment, hospitality, food and lodging, service jobs -- they won't lose their jobs but will probably get a cut in hours,
17964 should fully pack their belongings for reassignment to a new residence
17965 So you're not winning, to me, you have to assess everything. I think anybody would want to do that. And probably in the next month or so, we're going to get together as an organization and just discuss things.
17966 Stock prices are more accurate when short sellers are more active. First, in a large panel of NYSE-listed stocks, intraday informational efficiency of prices improves with greater shorting flow. Second, at monthly and annual horizons, more shorting flow accelerates the incorporation of public information into prices. Third, greater shorting flow reduces post-earnings-announcement drift for negative earnings surprises. Fourth, short sellers change their trading around extreme return events in a way that aids price discovery and reduces divergence from fundamental values.
17967 they want or expect; they fail to recognize the pent-up forces they are unleashing or the larger historical significance of the decisions they are taking.
17968 This has provided the portfolio manager with some additional attractively priced fixed income opportunities to generate returns for the portfolio.
17969 We have a lot of examples of the presumed criminality of black men in general,
17970 When people get supervisor training, they learn the rules. They learn compliance and how to fill out a performance evaluation. That's not the skill set we need in today's world,
17971 With Bosch. IO's new setup, we are combining the I and T in IoT to bring the internet of things to everything from roads and factory floors to homes and fields,
17972 At the top rates will be theoretically substantially higher,
17973 I'm much more nervous about the loss of life that comes with with a 15-20% unemployment rate,
17974 I think Creighton is another team. People have seen what they've done the last couple of weeks.
17975 Just think of the following, Foreign Direct Investment to Africa rose by 11 per cent in 2019, compared to just four per cent in Asia, while it declined by -13 per cent globally and by -23 per cent for developed economies
17976 From a $49 billion peak in 2012, trade decreased to $30.6 billion in 2018,
17977 Fostering more inclusive growth would also require building Africa's human capital and creating more jobs in high-productivity sectors,
17978 Sierra Leone should not be spending over $200 million yearly importing rice because its climatic conditions are generally favorable for rice production.
17979 The Trump policy of being [ tough and smart ] and creating tremendous pressure on China was working to decouple [ the two economies ]. It had been achieving tremendous progress.... China, today, is much less important to the U.S. economy than the day [ Donald Trump ] was inaugurated.
17980 This is one of the functions of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and I think historically they have done a really good job with that. We need to recognize and support the importance of the CDC for being able to serve its function that will be very important going forward.
17981 With improving global and domestic economic conditions, the board of governors meeting on Jan. 22 and 23 decided to keep the BI seven-day reverse repo rate at 5 percent,
17982 It is as if financial instruments such as insurance do not exist,
17983 it is possible that they will avoid conducting business in China.
17984 Love, Money and Parenting,
17985 Nobody read `The Boy Who Cried Wolf' to President Trump three years ago. Sadly, we're in a position where are after so much lying, who in the country believes what he says?
17986 toxic politics and constrained central banks could make the next downturn hard to escape.
17987 treat folks as human beings, to look at the whole body of evidence, [ and ] to not be afraid to re-open a case if there's bias in the system.
17988 We had the case of the SARS virus several years ago, and Ebola virus recently. We are pulling some of these experiences together quickly for the Chinese government to see if there is any lesson that they will find useful,
17989 Bridging the infrastructure gap, particularly to increase national and regional connectivity, is key to the efforts to eradicate poverty and to accelerate economic growth,
17990 I would also like to take the opportunity of thanking both Vinita and Virginia for their outstanding service to the Company. We look forward to their continuing contribution to the work of the Board over the coming months.
17991 In there, we had a huge control room, which at any time would have between 20 and 30 producers and camera ops working, recording, logging everything that was going on, and also studying the game,
17992 The only moral, sane and legal thing to do is stop the madness that is crippling other countries' health systems.
17993 I fear that the Trump Administration has been trying to make China seem like the US' enemy,
17994 consistent, planned, decade-long boost in public investments in people, technology and infrastructure.
17995 The Palestinian government is making efforts to resolve the electricity crisis in Gaza by shifting the reliance of the power production station in the Gaza Strip on natural gas [ from Israel ] instead of diesel.
17996 Through this scheme, around 35 lakh people will be benefited.
17997 We saw the climb for the travel volume to be up within China, so we're confident that within a couple of months domestic travel in China will be recovered,
17998 You might be looking at 15% unemployment for a long time,
17999 It is not exactly that he lies, but Alan Greenspan certainly ranks among the most duplicitous figures to serve in modern American government.
18000 The most likely scenario is a V-shaped curve, which means a decline in economic activities followed by a rapid recovery, with the total economic impact relatively contained,
18001 A bumper wheat crop is expected this year and there will be no issue of wheat supply in the coming months,
18002 That's what exactly happened to Pakistan in last five years and the then government borrowed loans in the name of growth and spent them.
18003 a major obstacle to the overall development of the Trust Territory is the creaky functioning of the quasi-colonial bureaucracy in the Trust Territory government.
18004 For a year, you can run a budget deficit of $US2 trillion to $US3 trillion dollars,
18005 It is true that a country like India might be sheltered compared to a larger open economy like China or some of the smaller open economies in Asia and other parts of the world when there is a major global shock, but India needs opening up because that is going to be beneficial for potential growth,
18006 throw (ing) the kitchen sink of unconventional measures at the crisis
18007 Letting each of the major platforms decide its own policy towards faked videos just doesn't work in the era of cross-platform disinformation campaigns,
18008 surprising pattern in the data in 132 countries & numerous surveys & millions of people runs contrary to claims of some and earlier psychology literature that there is no such pattern.
18009 You have dentist's offices and restaurants saying, `everyone go home, you're unemployed.' If the coronavirus goes on for months, some of these businesses will not survive and you will get a U-shaped recovery,
18010 a `Public-Private-Farmer Group Partnership' model could be the way ahead for pushing agri exports from India,
18011 Having said that let me also say the challenges facing the continent are quite significant -- whether it's in youth unemployment, in terms of climate change and in terms of the pandemic that we are facing today -- coronavirus (COVID-19), low intensity conflicts, terrorism and insecurity,
18012 I'd expect we'll see the real hit come a few quarters from now, when companies that would have been on the verge of buying in the next few months slow their buying decisions.
18013 The markets will be up in the first half of 2020 and turn down in the last 90 days of 2020, because there will be a lot more uncertainty for 2021,
18014 Under the Withdrawal Agreement there would need to be checks at the border between Great Britain and Ireland. The extent of these checks is as yet to be determined, but, even using technological solutions, business will incur new costs and increased border infrastructure in Welsh ports will be required.
18015 When the Henry report was developed, back in 2009, a long-term future of interest rates close to zero was not envisaged,
18016 been on all of these crises on the inside, from Nixon in 71-72... through Jerry Ford, up to the present.
18017 China is set to do little more than restore agricultural purchases and offer some nice words on financial services and intellectual property.
18018 For us, the greatest value of this collaboration is to start mutual learning through hands-on work with current nuclear power producers,
18019 History shows you just have to minimize political interference,
18020 John Lewis is the business for our times,
18021 On the established rules of law, China is at least guilty of negligence in proximately causing a world pandemic, where nearly two million people have suffered its pain and suffering, and nearly 122,000 souls have lost their lives and left their families damaged and fractured,
18022 people don't feel like they are exposed to disproportionate risk... there is a good chance that we might see a very strong boost... If the answer is no, then things could get a bit rocky.
18023 The reason free markets work is because they allow people to be lucky, thanks to aggressive trial and error.
18024 unprecedented... power... distinguished by extreme concentrations of knowledge and no democratic oversight.
18025 Like any other similar agreements, some procedures will have to be met, before they are actually implemented. We are going through that,
18026 that's one way of getting it.
18027 a turning point for a community.
18028 I am proud therefore that the EIB is supporting this project in view of its social impact and because the move to new electric trains will have a considerable impact on reducing pollution, thus helping to meet the ambitious but achievable goals set by the European Union and the EIB.
18029 Obviously, no one is allowed to break the law of chastity. No one is allowed to do any kind of sex
18030 Sir Fazle Abed was a man of action,
18031 The economics of the arms sector does not favour the continent as more and more of our young perish at the end of the gun while we continue to spend more and more resources on security at the expense of education health care and infrastructure,
18032 The prophets of doom who thought that more debt was more risk have generally been wrong for the last 12 years,
18033 As we have said before, when it comes to the humanities in their broadest sense -- to ask questions about what it means to be human -- the Mahindra Humanities Center is a crossroads for the entire University,
18034 constitute an infringement of his fundamental human rights.
18035 Everything depends on how rapidly it spreads and how serious it gets, but in principle, this could have a serious impact on consumption,
18036 It's absolutely fabulous NSW is catching up quickly to Victoria.
18037 You can be infected over and over, and we really don't know for this novel coronavirus if that's also true,
18038 a long-term future of interest rates close to zero was not envisaged
18039 And we don't want overseas companies coming in and buying our assets because they've got more realistic hurdle rates.
18040 key compliance and enforcement priority
18041 The ACCC cannot control the petrol prices companies set, but we can call out problematic price setting which can influence company behaviour.
18042 to ensure the strength of our own business both in the short-term and for the future
18043 It's an important complaint and I've said to Paul Scurrah that we will look into it, and we will.
18044 But given the state of the financial vulnerabilities in Canada, we judged the risk of reignited an acceleration in house price expectations and a buildup of debt was too high -- and that could make attaining our inflation target harder in the long run.
18045 Given the weakness in the global economy, we could have considered a cut to ensure the Canadian economy wouldn't perform below its potential and pull inflation below target,
18046 cash transfers, wage subsidies and tax relief, helping people to meet their needs and businesses to stay afloat
18047 The world has changed dramatically in the three months since our last update of the World Economic Outlook in January,
18048 This makes the Great Lockdown the worst recession since the Great Depression, and far worse than the Global Financial Crisis [ of 2008 -- 2009 ].
18049 In addition to this sectoral effects, worsening consumer and business sentiment can lead to firms to expect lower demand and reduce their spending and investment. In turn, this would exacerbate business closures and job losses.
18050 The economic landscape will be altered significantly for the duration of the crisis and possibly longer, with greater involvement of government and central banks in the economy.
18051 it continues to rely on recoveries in stressed and underperforming emerging market economies, as growth in advanced economies stabilizes at close to current levels.
18052 something that countries can't actually argue about. It is a major issue. They have to step up and they should display all the political will that's needed to get the job done
18053 But it is very important that this does not become a feature where we reverse all the gains that we have got from globalisation,
18054 Fiscal stimulus that is coordinated across countries with fiscal space will magnify the benefit for all economies,
18055 I ask you for three things: health care to mitigate COVID-19 risks, the disbursement of social funds and economic incentives for businesspeople as well as small and medium businesses,
18056 The worst case scenario is for the global economy to be corrected significantly,
18057 I will only make a recommendation to change the way we do things if we can replicate the richness of the census data,
18058 India's GDP growth rate has touched its lowest -- it has come down to 5 per cent in 2019-20, which is lowest during the past 11 years. In comparison, the growth in GDP in Bengal has reached 10.4 per cent, which is double the growth rate of India,
18059 State Finance Minister Dr Mitra's budget speech was telecast live but the address of the Governor under Article 176, an important occasion, was not allowed live coverage in sharp deviation from practice. The media was also kept away. Leave it to judgement of the people of the state!
18060 It's absolutely unconscionable to keep sanctions on at this moment,
18061 mild winter weather provided a significant boost to the January employment gain.
18062 But under any scenario, including if the president is removed, the impact on markets will be short-lived,
18063 The line between an expanding economy and recession is crossed when investors, businesses and-most important-consumers lose faith,
18064 If we have a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage at 4% or below, we should have a solid market,
18065 Low and low-middle income households are being hit hardest by the crisis,
18066 I think the economy is President Trump's friend, but it is not his best friend,
18067 Play your songs for the kids you sad f ***
18068 And this is MY question time,
18069 That freaks me right out -- it does worry me. I've got teenagers.
18070 So I hear Noel Gallagher wants to burn my house down f *** ing hell im in total shock and they say im the 1 who goes round threatning people WOW (sic)
18071 gutted to have to cancel
18072 We said `look, how much do you want? '
18073 All these stabbings up and down the country man are outrageous sad as fuck people need to chill the fuck out love one another brothers n sisters LG x
18074 The new EndPandemic National Data Consortium partners are to be applauded for the speed with which they answered the call to protect and ensure public health,
18075 There's reason for optimism in this year's study,
18076 Let the people of the country see what the terms of the debt are as their government makes commitments,
18077 available instruments to the fullest extent possible, including emergency financing, policy advice, and technical assistance.
18078 We are also preparing projects in 49 countries in a new fast-track facility, with decisions expected this week on as many as 16 country programs. Our Board will meet shortly, and I am hopeful that this first round of countries will provide a framework to allow us to quickly scale up over the next few weeks,
18079 The World Bank will split its regional department for Africa in two, effective later this year, World Bank President David Malpass said Wednesday.... In an interview with Devex, Malpass described the move as a `recognition of the big challenges Africa is facing' and an alignment of the World Bank's personnel and management with its growing loan portfolio for Africa.... Malpass noted that the continent is also home to more than 40% of all people living in extreme poverty...
18080 We welcome Somalia's efforts to restore stability, engage with creditors, and adopt a poverty reduction strategy,
18081 To avoid permanent damage from the virus-induced downturn, it is important to ensure that credit is available for otherwise sound borrowers who face a temporary period of low income or revenues,
18082 I think a V is possible, but I am worried that the outcome could be worse,
18083 A `V,' which is what we're all hoping for, is really a best-case scenario and if activity could begin to resume as many assume in June and maybe be back to something more normal by the summer I think a `V' is possible,
18084 It really depends on my mind on just how much damage is done during the time that the economy is shut down in the way it is now,
18085 What I'm proposing is a 30-day lock-in to the entire country, a coordinated 50 state lockdown,
18086 Most corporations, banks and consumers entered the crisis reasonably well capitalized. [ Interest ] rates are extremely low,
18087 Importantly, our hedge had already paid off prior to my going on CNBC.
18088 And I've been buying all the way down -- Hilton, Restaurant Brands, and Starbucks.
18089 are indeed high, as few Republican senators are likely to risk incurring Trump's displeasure at a time when he's feeling both triumphant and vindictive,
18090 Legally, it's absolutely correct that there is a stipulation that calls for the appointment of representatives from each of the districts and not having any two from the same district. So far, that looks like it poses a great constraint,
18091 As the gig economy grows, so does the need to modernize labor laws,
18092 Entrepreneurs then see growth opportunities, and business investment follows.
18093 He'd rather win the argument than be right. Though the two may be confused in his mind.
18094 certain evidence I would have liked to have seen led in this trial
18095 I occasionally tugged her hair. It was no more than an affectionate gesture. There was nothing sexual in it at all.
18096 We both accepted it was not a good idea, and we parted good friends.
18097 I think some people were intimidated but (Woman B) was not one of those people.
18098 It wasn't getting through, he thought it was funny, he was trying to make banter of it.
18099 the head guy at HMRC
18100 I never thought that a customer care team can work from home. It is because of the cloud telephony that we are able to service each customer in spite of the lockdown. In most tech companies, engineering teams are still working and productive. Coordination and execution wouldn't be possible without the adoption of products like Zoom, Slack etc.
18101 Democrats would target poor people and the Republicans would target rich people. Democrats would target small business tax cuts and Republicans would target big corporations and capital gains taxes,
18102 It is an astounding book and every organisation or individual ought to administer its erudition. The basic principle is, `If something can't be measured then, it can't be improved. Measure everything that you want to grow' ,
18103 Our global GDP growth forecast for 2020 has fallen to just 11/4%,
18104 both prediction markets and election forecasting models give Sanders a 40-45% probability of securing the nomination.
18105 Satan questions what God has said,
18106 The cost of the 2022 Population and Housing Census is expected to be covered by the Government of Zimbabwe,
18107 Accordingly, Treasury has set aside resources to cover one million vulnerable households under a cash transfer programme and payment will commence immediately,
18108 It is an emergency response and it's almost a war with an invisible enemy. It is a detailed rescue approach,
18109 In 2019 we generated about $6.8 billion and this really matched the demand, so the issue is not about supply, the issue is about the efficacy of the system, we have enough foreign currency coming into Zimbabwe,
18110 They can only access those coupons once a month to buy those goods so they can be in these cantonments or outside, it doesn't matter,
18111 We are delighted to have partnered on this occasion with Japan. We appreciate everything that the Japanese government is doing, where you are impacting other hospitals across the country and not only Harare Hospital.
18112 These trains are not only being keenly awaited by people in our city region but also by rail experts, aware of how game-changing these trains are for the industry.
18113 Turkey should produce. Turkey should produce in factories, plants and universities. [ Central Anatolian province of ] Yozgat has plentiful lentil, we have to stop importing lentils,
18114 the political wing of FET
18115 Article 14 guarantees, equality of equals,
18116 I am not a bigot like you. My daughter has, after age 21, the right to her views subject to Constitutional restrictions. Don't follow her tweets if you can stand it.
18117 We cannot sell our family silver,
18118 dysfunctional perceptional mismatch in the understanding of who are we as a people, is behind most of the communal tensions and inter-community distrust in the country
18119 So how to get that 3.7 per cent (efficiency factor to utilize investments)? (We need to) fight corruption, second, reward those who will invest. Don't terrorise them (investors) with income tax and this GST, which is the biggest madness of the 21st century. This GST is so complicated (that) nobody understands which form to fill where. And they wanted it to be uploaded to the computer. Somebody came from Rajasthan, Barmer... He said we don't have electricity, how can we upload? So I said upload it on your head and go to the Prime Minister and tell him,
18120 Hindustan was conceptually one in the art of governance, in the style of royal courts, in the methods of warfare, in the maintenance of its agrarian base, and in the dissemination of information
18121 Children in particular experience a range of problems and challenges, including poverty, abuse, bereavement etc.. Evidence from the World Health Organisation survey suggests that around a third of all mental health problems are down to such childhood adversities. We need to be clear what the main factors causing any increase in young people's mental health problems are, and the extent to which they really can be addressed by schools, rather than requiring a wider societal response. Second, we need to have far better evidence on what kinds of interventions are effective in a school setting, and reassure ourselves that schools are indeed the right institutions to be tackling the problem,
18122 Hot money makes economies less stable,
18123 I would be supportive of the Fed really doing the hard work to assess whether that's needed going forward,
18124 we don't want to overreact to the volatility in the markets
18125 There are still a lot of risks out there, but if you can identify individual shares with good dividend yields and strong financials, then you can buy at a pretty good price.
18126 At this point, it is difficult to assess the magnitude of the economic effects,
18127 However, the action taken by the [ Federal Open Market Committee ] can help support confidence and ease financial conditions of indebted households and firms, thereby helping to mitigate potential demand-side impacts of the virus,
18128 It is no surprise therefore, that DJWE is growing year after year, and the 17th edition is the largest to date in terms of exhibitors and exhibition space.
18129 Now, more than ever it is important to support global trade that ensures the supply of essential goods and vital aid worldwide. I am thankful to the airport authorities, ground handlers, cargo agents and governments around the world who have helped us increase our services to fulfil the demand for time-sensitive freight.
18130 The need to have alliances is there, this is very important. But the question is, why do we need an alliance? We don't want an alliance gained at just putting some people in power,
18131 If these youth got registered, it will assist us to find more votes that will make us to beat 50 +1 votes,
18132 The push into fiscal surplus has forced the private domestic sector into increased deficits and indebtedness.
18133 Reluctantly.. we are forced to conclude that the actions announced on Monday by Scottish Rugby represent a reasonable way to protect the long-term employment of our membership, while addressing the immediate financial challenges facing the sport in Scotland.
18134 Upper-income people will probably wait until after the election compared to more middle-class, everyday people just because any changes to a new tax law or new regulations could have a bigger impact for them.
18135 We saw prices increase during every quarter of 2019 above wage growth.
18136 Moreover, the latest stock market correction could provide exceptional, even lower mortgage rates for a few weeks, and that would help bring about a noticeable upturn in the coming months.
18137 The demand for U.S. real estate may actually rise from wealthy Chinese because they're getting tired of this type of situation where Third World-type market behavior crops up,
18138 Consequently, people's rents and home prices are rising faster than income growth, and have been for years. This issue should be at the forefront of election debates.
18139 America is facing a dire housing shortage condition,
18140 If home values are very high, that also means that trying to recruit people at the same wage will be difficult,
18141 We are in uncertain times, but I do think that people who are staying at home right now, once the all-clear signal is given, will be going back into the market,
18142 For the past couple of months, we have seen the number of buyers grow as more people enter the market,
18143 We must invest not only in AI, but in human intelligence as well.
18144 Competition Policy in Distressed Industries,
18145 I find it ridiculous and hypocritical,
18146 If the number of visitors decreases rather than increases, the hit to Japan's consumer industry will be quite large,
18147 It's a bad idea because... we've over-built infrastructure and spread as thin as we are, we can't afford to annex another mile of pipe underground.
18148 We may be closing our stores for business as usual, but will remain open for care, particularly for key workers,
18149 Now the question is: Can the US and OPEC save this market? The demand shock has become so large that they can't do it alone,
18150 Accordingly, we found that gold performed well, even controlling for real rates and dollar weakness, during the beginning of both Gulf wars and during the events of September 11, 2001,
18151 This will likely be a game-changer for the industry,
18152 There is no excuse in crime, I also should go to jail if I have committed some crime,
18153 This would take a lot of concentration and focus, but it is not something that is wholly beyond our capacity.
18154 We will inform all those concerned properly about the measures to close the border in the Far Eastern region and other steps the government has taken [ to prevent the spread of coronavirus in Russia ],
18155 I ask to further tighten control across all the regions, at border checkpoints, airports and stations both for our citizens and foreigners over the weekend, or the two days off,
18156 When you look at Health Canada regulations, certifications and approvals aren't necessary at this point, so that's why you're likely going to see gene-edited foods in our supply chain without any approvals whatsoever.
18157 people will actually make Starbucks accountable to the goals they actually set... so I expect they'll be under a lot of pressure to deliver,
18158 Grocers do have the ability to assess a market's capacity to pay for food,
18159 We saw that with the (2019) hurricane in Halifax. It's always the same pattern. Comfort food with chips and pretzels often sell out fast because people are looking for comfort in times of stress.
18160 Whether they are effective will depend on compliance and the prime minister's message needs to be reinforced by a daily communication exercise targeting the general public as well as special groups like young people,
18161 You just have to be rigorous about following the 6-feet distancing rule,
18162 And even if Elisabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders want to reform the global trade system and are more pro-active on topics like workers' rights, their view would hurt China much more than the EU.
18163 climate policy a bit more like monetary policy, with policymakers learning from markets' reactions, and markets internalizing policymakers' objectives, strategies and instruments,
18164 a period of reorganization.
18165 climate breakdown could render investments held by millions of people worthless
18166 For Glasgow that must be well on the path. That that is the norm. That the question doesn't even have to be asked because companies are answering that question as part of their strategy,
18167 The spillover would be containable,
18168 I would focus on something big and immediate
18169 It's great to see her so happy doing something she loves,
18170 Last fall, the Sinquefield Cup had 80% draws. There were under 50% draws in this tournament. We had some great games, upsets and so much fun. Thank you for showing the world how much more fun women's chess is.
18171 The situation looks quite serious and Taiwan is taking a hit through trade channels as well as a sharp decline in consumer spending,
18172 The wild card is whether turmoil in the Middle East triggers a sustained sell-off in equities, depressing business and consumer confidence to the point where labor market and inflation concerns become secondary,
18173 I'm very sympathetic to that argument. But we are going to need an airline industry in September. So bail them out and sack the C.E.O.s.. You can't think in normal terms. This is more like a wartime crisis than a normal economic situation.
18174 Cautiously optimistic is the rule these days. Sales are decent, but we're wondering what 2020 will bring,
18175 Claims are now falling, having peaked... two weeks ago,
18176 Alabama: down thirty-eight per cent. California: down fifty-five per cent. New York: down forty-seven per cent. New Jersey: down fifty-six per cent. This is just unbelievable.
18177 These losses were trivial in the bigger picture. For April, we think payrolls will drop by 14-to-17M, driving the unemployment rate to 12-to-14%.
18178 The net job losses are concentrated in leisure and hospitality, down 459K, with smaller declines in most other components, including retail, education, and healthcare, though the latter will rebound.
18179 But nonetheless, large swathes of the sector are vulnerable as consumers cut back on spending on goods, especially big-ticket items like cars and trucks, and business capex will collapse too.
18180 There's this sugar high going on that's not going away,
18181 We do not think this is a shock that can be managed by central banks alone,
18182 You know the real horsepower things are a sales tax increase statewide and an increase in the property tax,
18183 [ discouraging ] all travel to mainland China and Hong Kong during this period by members of the University community.
18184 Government gave us 36 months to complete this project, but I can assure you that we would finish it in 15 months. We should be able to finish before the end of next year.
18185 I can also confirm that the patient had travelled back to Wales from Northern Italy, where the virus was contracted.
18186 rate of deaths will increase
18187 I welcome the MOU which reaffirms our commitment to work together for the benefit of the people we all serve. North-south co-operation on protecting the health and well-being of our citizens has been well established for many years. It is essential that we continue to work together as closely as possible at this time.
18188 I can use that term because I am one,
18189 I recognise there are many in our party who won't see me as the person to pull all sides of the party together following Jeremy's departure. And rebuilding towards a Labour government is more important than any one person. So I am really grateful to everyone who urged me to stand again but this isn't the time for me to do so.
18190 We hope his replacement continues with this important work. It is deeply concerning to hear of repeated allegations of bullying by the Home Secretary and this should be investigated thoroughly.
18191 keep fighting for a Labour Government
18192 It would be an outrage and an insult to the Windrush generation for Wendy Williams' independent Review to be watered down for political reasons.
18193 I therefore give my unhesitating support to the prime minister, the new finance minister and the government.
18194 I think that's what you are looking for is people who can think for themselves.
18195 if historically low unemployment and strong economic growth are not triggering rampant inflation, then perhaps the Fed should butt out for now
18196 Our effort is to strengthen commercial farming and industrialization. We are committing from our resources a total of $500 million and we hope to leverage on funds from partners
18197 We need you, the elders, to turn the tide
18198 The issue of risk in Africa is exaggerated. The risk of loss is lower than in Latin America. Yet, funds are not being channelled into Africa. There are $8 trillion of assets under management in London, but only 1 per cent is invested in Africa.
18199 The current proposal of the 700 MHz frequency auction by the CTU did not allow a truly independent infrastructure operator to be established that could potentially be the fourth operator.
18200 The focus on unattainable targets, the fact that Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act has been honored only in the breach and the consequences in terms of budgetary integrity and transparency need serious review, even overhaul, in our view,
18201 Not having diagnosed the illness of the patient, the doctor is helpless. The least the doctor can do is to say... I am sorry. We made mistake, will Dr. Manmohan Singh come and advise us,
18202 synthesis of old and new
18203 A feeling of suspicion and disrespect towards India's wealth creators is ill-advised.
18204 the greatest hope for justice in India lies in the Dalit and Feminist movements.
18205 The Hebrew hostility to autocracy, even their own, was formed in Egypt and the desert,
18206 We launched a project with the Scientific and Technological Research Council [ for vegetable seeds ], we will produce these seeds domestically in a short period,
18207 We tend to think of impact as a bad thing. But high-impact, weight-bearing exercise is what makes our bones strong,
18208 The reality is they've never had good protocols,
18209 A week ago, I thought $1,000 per adult, $500 per child. Now I'd double or triple that. Get them the check within three months, or less. And make clear that if the economy is in bad shape at the end of the year we'll do it again, and keep doing it.
18210 It would enable people to not work, if that's what they need to do. It will prevent some people from not making their rent payments or other payments,
18211 The expectation of all of this is that we are consistently on top of the macroeconomics of the country, and making sure that we work within the budget Parliament will have approved.
18212 My feeling is that China has to come on stronger,
18213 We want to signal that we want to work quickly and efficiently and that the good work that we are doing should not be compromised by issues of elections,
18214 The MPC will continue to ensure price stability. It also remains ready to take whatever further actions are necessary,
18215 A key input in the decision is how uncertainty unwinds going forward, and how that impacts on demand,
18216 This could pave the way for negotiations among Afghans, sustainable peace, and ensuring the country is never again a safe haven for terrorists.
18217 Today's meeting is a clear sign of solidarity with Turkey.
18218 We have made some adjustments to exercises. We have canceled some exercises, we have adjusted other exercises, but that doesn't undermine our operational readiness,
18219 We right now have 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our southern border.
18220 We are 29 democracies with different views and opinions. The overall message from the poll and others is that there is continued strong commitment and support for NATO
18221 We will try to do whatever we can to find a way to solve this issue because it's one of the issues that has created problems inside the alliance. There's no way to deny that.
18222 stop the indiscriminate air attacks
18223 Iraq is our most important concern,
18224 Ministers expressed their agreement about the need for the EU to engage strongly to avoid that the current crisis spirals out of control, and gave a mandate to the EU's High Representative for Foreign Affairs, Josep Borrell, to engage with all actors with the objective of moving towards a political solution in the framework of the Berlin process and the UN-led mediated efforts
18225 We have recently seen an escalation by Iran, including the strike on a Saudi energy facility, and the shoot-down of an American drone. We are united in condemning Iran's support of a variety of different terrorist groups.
18226 Actually we could do more to provide support if that is requested or called for by the EU, for instance, to help implement the arms embargo against Libya,
18227 This year we saw a one-off reduction in the value of our John Lewis shops of  123million, principally as a result of shops playing less of a role in driving online purchases.
18228 As part of this we will look at `right sizing' our store estate across both brands, through a combination of new formats and new locations; repurposing space and space reductions of existing stores; and closures, where necessary,
18229 was being very careful not to get booed.
18230 What  s true is that the U.S economy has done well,
18231 What's true is that the U.S economy has done well,
18232 I said, `Thank you for telling me' ,
18233 I don't think [ a solution ] is a long way away. I think we're talking about a very intensive time of negotiations and talks between the four parties in the next few days. I don't think we're talking about months or weeks, I think we're talking about something happening fairly soon and getting a good result in the near future.
18234 dismantling of the old guard
18235 great news for Irish football,
18236 We are now, we think, on a pathway to a possible solution to the immediate problems that beset the FAI. We think that the constructive nature of the meeting indicated that all four stakeholders are absolutely united in their determination to do what has to be done for Irish soccer particularly from our point of view for the grassroots,
18237 In Judaism, it says that if you save one person, you can look at yourself as somebody who has saved the whole world. In that regard, what goodness means is to scale the problem down to the size where we can have an impact -- and then have the impact.
18238 It is a great honor, and quite humbling, to receive this award especially in light of the amazing prior recipients. Thank you to the IAQF for this recognition and for all their work in advancing the field of quantitative finance.
18239 they should be open-eyed about what they are doing.
18240 She saw something really special in this piece, so Jordan [ Peele ] and I were so thrilled to call Amazon home,
18241 I still go to seders and to temple on the holidays.
18242 So he came on and just from day one of this journey he's been such a champion. He's pushed me to be bold and brave and just have confidence.
18243 That has been very comparable,
18244 They don't have that reassurance they would normally have.
18245 At Shanghai Disney Resort, we currently estimate the closure of the park could have an adverse impact on second quarter operating income of approximately $135 million assuming the park is closed for two months during Q2,
18246 We'd like to encourage the youth to be active and to provide their help to (the) seniors so we can interact with them,
18247 how the IMF can be of help
18248 This complex collective action problem requires coordinating actions among many players, including governments, the private sector, civil society and the international community.
18249 We are projecting growth this year at 3.3 percent, next year 3.4 percent. This is clearly an improvement vis-a-vis the record low of last year of 2.9 percent,
18250 the economic impact of the epidemic will be severe
18251 I really hope that all policymakers everywhere would be thinking about
18252 We had a downgrade in one large market India but we believe that's temporary. We expect momentum to improve further. There are also some bright spots like Indonesia and Vietnam.
18253 The IMF is making available about $50 billion through its rapid-disbursing emergency financing facilities for low income and emerging market countries that could potentially seek support. Of this, $10 billion is available at zero interest for the poorest members through the Rapid Credit Facility
18254 I'm convinced the tide is turning,
18255 Now that the U.S. has taken this important step, I am confident that other NAB contributors who have not yet done it will also expedite their commitments, so the IMF can continue to play its essential role as a lender of last resort at this time of crisis.
18256 It provides a clear recognition of Somalia's sustained commitment to key economic and financial reforms under consecutive staff-monitored programs with the IMF,
18257 While quarantining and social distancing is the right prescription to combat COVID-19's public health impact, the exact opposite is needed when it comes to securing the global economy,
18258 That an incremental pileup of debt in a low interest environment doesn't give us a good signal to... jump out of the boiling water.
18259 USD 90 billion have flown out
18260 asked the IMF to make an SDR allocation
18261 There is no question that 2020 will be exceptionally difficult,
18262 We are determined to use as much as necessary to protect the economy,
18263 that means they are exposed to different one-off shocks and different long-term trends.
18264 the best-performing 4 percent of listed companies account for the entire net gain of the US stock market since 1926, with the rest collectively only matching the returns that could have been found in dowdy Treasury bills.
18265 The GDP growth outcome for the third quarter confirmed that the economy remains weak and vulnerable to idiosyncratic shocks and poor sectoral performances.
18266 The South African Reserve Bank has lowered the repo rate and this is a hugely welcome move for the property industry. This, coupled with inflation at a lower rate than last year at this time, theoretically means that those currently paying off bonds should make a huge effort to pay the instalments they were previously paying into a bond, and even a little bit more if possible, every month in order to save on interest and shorten the ultimate payback period,
18267 There's been a real downturn in business. The Chinese community has endured some really unfortunate, unwarranted attention from some quarters,
18268 A lot of little trips will be of immense benefit to towns and businesses right across our state,
18269 They will be preparing a campaign, a very significant campaign, into other parts of southeast Asia, New Zealand, Europe and the Americas,
18270 And the reason is it that camera traps generate huge amounts of data,
18271 How these packages are going to be designed is going to be extremely important,
18272 This is especially true in China, the largest energy consumer in the world, which accounted for more than 80 per cent of global oil demand growth last year,
18273 Without the industry's input, these technologies may simply not achieve the scale needed for them to move the dial on emissions,
18274 prepare for the expectation that this (Covid-19) might be bad.
18275 This is the reason I am telling them that we can use the current situation to step up our ambition to tackle climate change.
18276 For no doubt, there is a kind of temporary reprieve. But this is no way of going about reducing pollution, by having an economic meltdown and everybody staying at home,
18277 These issues are big issues -- coronavirus, market conditions -- but these are temporary. Maybe in a few months, maybe longer, the market conditions will recover, but our climate challenge will still be there.
18278 Building on success in the electricity sector, now the government must focus its efforts on achieving stronger emissions reductions in the transport and heating sectors. The IEA welcomes the recently adopted Climate Action Programme 2030, which includes a carbon price in the transport and heating sectors, as an important step in the right direction,
18279 Large-scale investment to boost the development, deployment and integration of clean energy technologies -- such as solar, wind, hydrogen, batteries and carbon capture (CCUS) -- should be a central part of governments' plans because it will bring the twin benefits of stimulating economies and accelerating clean energy transitions,
18280 Governments are rightly focused on the immediate public health emergency, but they have to remain vigilant on electricity security and safeguard vital assets amid the extreme volatility in markets,
18281 I have been impressed with SKK since I invested with them in a major real estate project that they led the financing for,
18282 They feel like `We have got to get a justifiable haul back to make the trade,
18283 He is mediocre at best as a defender at third base. His swing has changed dramatically since 2016, and I question if he is truly 100% healthy. Sure, he has the ability, and he is a big, strong man, but his offensive impact is nowhere close to what he looked like when the Cubs won the World Series.
18284 It is like a tapeworm we swallowed accidentally years ago,
18285 I'm part human, part fish, and about ten per cent microplastics.
18286 So we decided at that point we would divide up the world: Angus went to India and I went to Africa.
18287 rebalancing into risk assets.
18288 The U.S. made clear that they would cut Marshall aid if the Communists were ever allowed back in power,
18289 There's been very substantial investment in renewables in Australia,
18290 we would, at that point, be dealing with zero interest rates
18291 in the short term, the bushfires and the coronavirus outbreak will temporarily weigh on domestic growth,
18292 The global outbreak of the coronavirus is expected to delay progress in Australia toward full employment and the inflation target... The Board is prepared to ease monetary policy further to support the Australian economy,
18293 Australia's financial system is resilient and well placed to deal with the effects of the coronavirus.
18294 A very large economic contraction is, however, expected to be recorded in the June quarter and the unemployment rate is expected to increase to its highest level for many years,
18295 Today, it is one of the most expensive, it is more than twice most countries in Europe.
18296 We believe in political speech, and ads can be an important part of that,
18297 Tradition can be beautiful. If you want that surprise proposal, I hope you get it. But if you can't talk to your boyfriend about marriage, you're either dating the wrong person or you're not giving him credit for being the right person.
18298 We had it on Friday for 12 hours. There was a flight to the dollar and then we digested it and recovered into the close and had one hour of it last night and we're coming back,
18299 You never said it would be this hard.
18300 with an especially heavy heart,
18301 How productive would you be in Haiti?
18302 It feels like we're beginning to build something special at Kent, and I want to play my part in establishing the club in (County Championship) Division 1 and challenging for trophies.
18303 It was a high concept, and we didn't want to confuse people. But there are lots of twists and turns we can now do going forward.
18304 What I really love about the format is the comedy it can give you -- and the comedy comes from people saying one thing publicly and another privately. I'm a really big fan of stuff that is comedic first and dramatic second,
18305 recessions are never great for housing.
18306 today we had a meeting with the President of the European Peoples Party, the former president of the European Council. We exchanged views about the European issues and also we had the opportunity to inform the President about the illegal activities of Turkey and the violation of the exclusive economic zone of Cyprus. We thanked President Tusk for his constant support to Cyprus and we underlined that the violations of Turkey towards Cyprus is violation for the European values and principles
18307 We simply use the computer to mark up the size of the account.
18308 Such a program would have to be carefully calibrated to minimize the credit risk taken by the Fed while still providing needed liquidity to an essential market.
18309 He was example A of that.
18310 how a group of principals who are in an interdependent situation can organize and govern themselves to obtain continuing joint benefits when all face temptations to free-ride, shirk or otherwise act opportunistically.
18311 I think it's a fair assumption that the longer we are shut down the more challenging the start-up will be,
18312 If we agree on a reasonable amount, we will take it from there.
18313 immediate isolation of people suspected of being infected with the disease and the corresponding medical control
18314 Our citizens as well as citizens of the Eurasian Economic Union and Ukraine will be accommodated in the Tyumen Region as the best prepared region where they will be placed under quarantine,
18315 Sadly, this process involves the death of many people who never recover from an infection. The need to develop `herd immunity' is a property of epidemics [ that ] serves as an important backdrop for our discussion of optimal policy.
18316 the airline industry doing badly adversely affects the catering industry, which in turn, can impact farmers.
18317 will cause a jump in our level of comfort
18318 The idea that the specter of slavery still determines the character of life among African Americans is an affront to me. I believe in America, and I believe in black people. Something tells me... the 1619 Project authors don't. They don't believe in America... and I'm sorry to have to report, I get the impression they don't believe in black people.
18319 The Japanese tourist, who was travelling via train here, had developed symptoms like cough and running nose. Based on these symptoms, railway officials brought him to the hospital here,
18320 The thing that mostly gets in the way of dialogue is holding to assumptions and opinions, and defending them.
18321 We already spend $129 billion per year subsidizing solar and wind energy to try to entice more people to use today's inefficient technology, yet these sources meet just 1.1% of our global energy needs,
18322 We're going through our entire service area to make sure where our agencies are closed our clients are helped, and then we're helping the new clients,
18323 ... They (police) have failed to nab anybody till date. I have heard that the cameras (CCTVs) were not working. I have also heard that there were some problems in their (police's) report and that's why that cannot be submitted. And instead an FIR was lodged against those who got beaten up. That there is a big absence of justice in this matter is very conspicuous,
18324 Disabled people are not only the most deprived human beings in the developing world, they also are the most neglected
18325 At the age of 18, I was diagnosed with oral cancer and given a 15% chance of living five years. Fortunately, I was able to beat cancer due to radiation therapy. If Marie Curie had not made her discovery, I would not be here today,
18326 Do not fly down in a private plane.
18327 The Fed's New Mission to Save the Economy.
18328 I share that frustration. The string of incidents last fall and this spring have highlighted that we have a long way to go to be the community we need to be. We are a university made up of some wonderfully intelligent, caring individuals, and working together we can do better.
18329 For instance, some international students will not be able to return home at this time. Some students may be unable to access online classes in their home location; some may need to stay in Madison for other reasons. University Housing will provide additional guidance to students. Residence halls will remain available to these students where necessary, but we expect the majority of dorm residents to return home, leaving the residence halls much emptier and making it easier for remaining students to maintain social distance,
18330 I think Amazon is going to be fine through this, it's your local businesses you've got to worry about,
18331 Let's design it well in a way that actually can bring forth carbon pricing.
18332 our science and technology collaboration is a critically important aspect of our relationship.
18333 This could be a pathway to beyond the standard model of physics. The standard model explains only the known fundamental particles plus the Higgs, but not dark matter. We know it's not a complete theory of the universe, because we know there is dark matter out there, and right here.
18334 The COVID19 pandemic and its economic consequences present an unprecedented challenge to the EBRD and its countries of operations.
18335 At this point I would say the best thing that governments can do is to really fight the epidemic rather than worry about stimulus measures. That comes later,
18336 Banks, insurers and bond mutual funds should be encouraged to buy new investment-grade bonds.
18337 credit shortage for lower-income families
18338 There is this fiction, that somehow Dodd-Frank stopped them from using 13-3,
18339 Fortunately, the COVID-19 mortality rate for young adults appears to be quite low,
18340 If we want to have a fighting chance, we need it immediately. In the next two to three weeks, if we act really decisively, we may be able to flatten the curve and then when the storm comes it will be not be as brutal as we see in Europe.
18341 the capacity to care for family and experience its greatest joys
18342 Together with financial-industry pressures to boost short-term results, the single-minded focus on profits caused shareholder capitalism to become increasingly disconnected from the real economy. Many realize this form of capitalism is no longer sustainable,
18343 It is what the WEF was founded for 50 years ago, and it is what we want to contribute to for the next 50 years.
18344 The scale and urgency of this transformation calls for nothing short of a reskilling revolution,
18345 set a target to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 or sooner
18346 a basic yet critical reagent that is required as per the FDA submission.
18347 If women are empowered to transition from informal to formal [ work ] then that will boost GDP growth,
18348 Indeed, this has been a welcome relief rally for investors,
18349 Then you run it through the model and get different predictions for unemployment.
18350 While many students can handle unexpected costs, this sudden change in housing highlights the large disparity within our student population concerning students' access to disposable wealth and the resources necessary to evacuate and move off-campus,
18351 As we've been doing from the beginning, we're following the advice of public health experts, and in case the circumstances change, of course, we'll be flexible, but at this point right now we are firmly coming back for a special session at the end of May,
18352 help guide us to what may be better strategies for cutting waste.
18353 might have been an overreaction,
18354 They were extremely well prepared for trial under the excellent supervision of Professor Cover. What impressed me most was the obvious compassion and dedication they had for their client,
18355 This is a time when we must all play our part,
18356 We believe creative collaboration is essential to mobilising investment into climate infrastructure in emerging markets at scale, providing our clients with further opportunity to invest in the global low-carbon transition,
18357 We're starting to see this pattern where death reporting goes down on Sunday going into Monday and then they do catch up,
18358 Channeling liquidity to the most illiquid people leads to the most spending stimulus.
18359 fuel panic and encourage people to take their savings out of the banking system.
18360 It will definitely change our practices because there are areas burnt that I will probably never see recovery in my lifetime,
18361 Pakistan looks forward to Chinese support in dealing with this unprecedented situation arising out of this (COVID-19) pandemic,
18362 aah ko chahiye ik umr asar hote tak
18363 0.4% lesser than the collection of the previous fiscal year
18364 We should take into account the possible side effects (of further rate cuts),
18365 Friday's rate decision was not unanimous,
18366 First responders and city workers are on the front line of this crisis and they need our support now more than ever,
18367 I stood there to let people know that our team and the country are against the sale of land during the war (against Russia in eastern Ukraine),
18368 If employers still have their workers on payroll, they will be able to turn the lights back on and deal with the rush of customers [ when demand rebounds ],
18369 Our unemployment insurance system has huge holes in it,
18370 swollen head and a false sense of India's military prowess
18371 He was more a scapegoat than a villain.
18372 I would say that we should maintain a respectable arm's length with these people's protests. I have not gone to Shaheen Bagh. My view is that we should not contaminate people's movement with the virus of politics,
18373 Now the Scindias can get back their HUF (Hindu Undivided Family) Status.
18374 The education budget, for instance, was increased over the past decade, and yet we haven't seen an improvement in results.
18375 These measures are consistent with the measures being taken by parallel regulators around the world since the outbreak of the crisis, and are based on the strong state of the banking system and its strengthening capital and stability in the past decade,
18376 There has been a rise in investor interest in acquiring prime commercial land parcels and this development is significant. In line with our core objectives of serving our valued clients, we are pleased to have advised on this asset sale,
18377 We've got enough midwives to make it happen, we just need the leaders in those services to make those changes,
18378 When talking about climate change... there is no worst case scenario,
18379 As developments in AI accelerate, some in the U.S. fear that the ability of China's powerful central government to marshal data and pour resources into the field will push it ahead,
18380 I am a little bit annoyed that we hear a lot from the G7, from the industrialised countries. I hear nothing from the G20, and we have clearly a global issue -- global problems, with a lot of emerging countries being at the heart of the problem, including of course China.
18381 looked comfortable filling out the back line
18382 People die in the United States from the flu and I don't see people rushing to get a flu shot. Every day we cross the road and get hit by a car, those odds are even higher than coronavirus and I don't see people stopping to cross the street so we are doing the most to help promote Chinatown. So, come down on Valentine's Day,
18383 Sometimes theatre for young people can be a bit bland, afraid to be controversial, but The Vultures' Song tackles tough issues in a way that is suitable for a younger age group.
18384 The attention of the policymakers should have been concentrated on the economy and is instead distracted by political things, ethnic things and other things to do with ideology,
18385 This university's mission cannot succeed without careful attention to what voices we bring to the table and how we treat each other,
18386 By making clear that there will be such checks on schools, it will greatly reduce any temptation to game the system,
18387 I think the Sudanese government's approval and the rebel movement's acceptance to have ousted president Omar al-Bashir and 52 other indicted people handed over to the ICC for trial for crimes committed in Darfur is a popular demand,
18388 I'm not a trader so, my time horizon is much, much longer.... This is a very inexpensive stock for what you get. But I believe they face structural problems that they cannot fix and it's not just in the U.S.. In Europe, in Asia, the pressure to regulate is really intense because... these industries are so strategic that you have to regulate them to protect them... and I think that is where tech is today.
18389 It's crisis situation around the world,
18390 Makes me too happy to see [ Michael Ward ] nominated for a Bafta. This particular award is voted by the public so everyone who enjoyed Mike's performance in Top Boy or Blue story should use this link and vote for him.
18391 It just really sparked something in me. I loved it!
18392 The last two years have been unbelievable, and now to find out that my industry has recognised my work and put me up for the EE Rising Star Award, really is the most amazing thing to happen,
18393 probably won't capture those queues that we saw around Centrelink offices a few weeks ago
18394 things are turning sour by the day
18395 And so in 2018, I proposed to the school that we have a full length course on, on influencers.
18396 It is crucial at this moment in the global fight against the epidemic that all countries come together and support each other, to secure a victory for humanity.
18397 Our initiatives in these sectors are intended to unlock the economic potential of these industries that have long been protected by regulations,
18398 @SBarlow_ROB GS: This looks like an `event-driven bear market '
18399 In reality, we believe it will be a combination of these, and in some cases there are already signs these are in place.
18400 Investors are asking companies to produce disclosures on how they are lobbying, or that of their trade associations, is consistent on climate change, and to take action if this is not,
18401 Equinor is doing some great stuff, particularly on (Scope 1 and 2 emissions), but I'm not sure a pledge to halve carbon intensity by 2050 does it anymore,
18402 Governments must call time on dirty gas, coal and oil, and on those companies wanting to keep the fossil-fuel addiction alive and kicking.
18403 What means testing really does is it forces poor and working class people to jump through additional hoops to access a protection that was meant for them,
18404 It's important to recognize that the only reason big business may be quote-unquote at the table is because they want the preemption,
18405 I agree with Bernie we need a society where billionaires don't exist,
18406 Aren't you a little stir-crazy?
18407 It will dramatically decrease the quality of human life, and it will certainly kill people as well,
18408 Marlins Park gives us the opportunity to have the flexibility to fit more fans,
18409 Every year we try to outdo the last one,
18410 Sergei, could you help me figure this thing out?
18411 facilitate and conceal massive money-laundering operations.
18412 a small down payment on what needs to be done,
18413 Slow wage growth is not good news for workers today, but it could be good news rolling into 2020
18414 We will keep these stimulus programs going until the labor market improves.
18415 The Origin of African-American Family Structure,
18416 We have to take seriously the trajectory of the federal deficit,
18417 When you feel a trade-off conflict, it just behooves you to focus on your gut.
18418 A friend of mine was telling me how her startup was pivoting to online healthcare,
18419 Working from home with your children is a productivity disaster,
18420 Beyond CGD, there are also other diseases caused by proteins missing in white blood cells that could be treated in similar ways,
18421 does not necessarily help the economy in the long term
18422 Governments should be wary of high public debt even when borrowing costs seem low,
18423 I would like to thank @DavidMalpassWBG for appointing me in this position. I would also like to thank president @jokowi and the government of Indonesia for their support. I hope my experience in Indonesia can contribute to economic growth in many more developing countries,
18424 Low interest rates help to cushion the shock by easing the cost of borrowing,
18425 Those things... they're not just surprises, they're more profound,
18426 I know that resales lately have seemed quite strong year-over-year, but that's because it was so weak a year ago.
18427 spend less money on everything.
18428 Market expectations aside, Governor Poloz may well have reason enough to spend the remainder of his seven-year term in cruise control,
18429 As the COVID-19 situation evolves, Governing Council stands ready to adjust monetary policy further if required to support economic growth and keep inflation on target.
18430 Yes... it's a modest amount, but it's present.
18431 Unlikely at this point that the housing market would be fueled by banks' actions.
18432 Probably [ the bank ] will focus now on what it has seen from its latest business and consumer surveys.
18433 will not be announcing any new measures or actions
18434 There is a strong reason to provide a co-ordinated fiscal stimulus to underpin the economy,
18435 We also need an awareness raising campaign about citizens' rights and we must keep a watchful eye on citizens' rights in the current talks between the two sides.
18436 We pay them $15 and more to keep them. We offer health care benefits and time off. Sometimes, because of the union contracts, we can't give them more if they are doing a good job because they are locked in the rates.
18437 It's like someone has just come in and turned the tap off,
18438 If we give President Trump some credit for keeping the long Obama-era expansion on track, his stewardship has contributed to the low unemployment rate we've recently enjoyed.
18439 That's like some kid trying to count the six gold stars they got at the end of Primary School for their university admission. It's nonsense.
18440 The communist govt's censorship and lies have simply made a bad situation worse.
18441 wants to play more and more ethnicity and religious cards.
18442 The challengers are very weak,
18443 adaptation without mitigation is futile.
18444 Job-related concerns were highest in 2011 at 29%, reflecting public anxiety about the issue as unemployment averaged above 8% for the third consecutive year.
18445 Don't they understand that they are destroying themselves?
18446 I apologize for those who will be offended/triggered: @BernieSanders is simply the best communicator out there for the things he believes in. It's a perfect combination of politics, policy, and passion -- the three P's of great communication.
18447 My vision would involve highlighting what would be considered the national interest. And that, I think, is much more difficult,
18448 Not intentionally, it's just, people are concerned, and they forget to go check on so-and-so. A lot of times they end up suffering in a myriad of ways,
18449 We were expecting stimulus package and revival of GDP from the budget. Everything is a part of the economy whether it is new tax regime, affordable housing, education or MSME sector and the government has focused on most of these sectors especially the banking sector and NBFCs by giving them liberty and credit support. The government is also restructuring loans for micro small medium enterprises (MSME) sector and is trying to provide it with quest equity, which can increase the leveraging capacity of the sector,
18450 with full, open, truthful exchanges
18451 As the reaction to yesterday's UK measures has shown once again, economic tools are not the ultimate circuit breaker in a crisis that reflects a medical emergency,
18452 The question is whether it will be done and presented in a way that strengthens or weakens the political cohesion in the long-run.
18453 I think we are going to see huge unemployment numbers, but they are not going to mean what they have ever meant in history,
18454 We sent everybody home in mid-March and at that time I committed to the firm that we were not going to terminate or change anyone's compensation regardless of how long this last,
18455 The climate that seems to prevail among heads of state and the lack of European solidarity are a mortal danger to the EU. The microbe is back.
18456 The joint construction of the BRI is bringing development opportunities for Myanmar, and I hope the two sides will conduct cooperation in a wider range,
18457 We were keen to make sure we didn't miss our charter flight. We got on the flight and from what I can remember it was a subdued gathering.
18458 focus on the importance of competition.
18459 The empirical share of the economics publication output is growing. That's a fairly marked change. But even more dramatic is the proportion of citations that flow to empirical work.
18460 Certainly I think the ball is in the court of the politicians to prove otherwise.
18461 China is playing a dominant role among global markets in the 21st century, and it is also embracing unprecedented opportunities for global development. The successful practice of the positioning theory in Chinese enterprises indicates that it will unleash huge potential in the global markets. We believe that under the leadership of Simon, Ries Strategy Positioning Consulting will help create more successful global brands.
18462 Emergency rooms see a lot of heart and stroke patients every weekend from coke.
18463 We now have urbanisation without jobs, and instead of investing in manufacturing we are seeing a lot consumption cities being built. They provide jobs but rely on importation,
18464 But it was obviously something he wanted to get off his chest.
18465 I'm so thankful to (Scott) and the administration for giving me this opportunity,
18466 It's taken a long time to translate 86 pages, and this is really important,
18467 What are the secrets of the `economic miracle' that nobody talks about in Latin America,
18468 And wage replacement for people who have hours cut back.
18469 Banks tell us that it is harder to export gold because of transportation and logistics problems. We are now working with the banks (on the issue), including an opportunity to use vaults,
18470 But the provision of alternatives has been good everywhere. Smart work, distant teaching, etc. are really displaying a degree of mobilisation of an immobile society which is remarkable.
18471 This reduces BI's need to intervene as our intervention has been declining recently.
18472 That's why we revised our economic growth forecast for 2020 down from between 5.1 and 5.5 percent to between 5 and 5.4 percent,
18473 A month ago, we did not know the that the spread of COVID-19 in developed countries could be very fast,
18474 We are still observing and studying the impact of the virus spread.
18475 We need to get to that place in healthcare delivery.
18476 While the redistribution favors oil importers, the risk is that vulnerable oil exporters will be forced to very drastic reductions in aggregate spending and demand and that could weigh on global economic activity,
18477 And the answer is zilch, exactly zero,
18478 So it is not that they can do one part of that equation without looking at the other. You have to do both at the same time. This is because if there is no revenue growth, then even the amount of credit that creditors are previously willing to lend or investors are previously willing to put into the debt market, there will be a demand for higher returns if the risks are higher because revenue growth is just not there.
18479 The one big difference between the fascism then and fascism now is that fascism then, even though it was ruthless and inhuman, temporarily succeeded in overcoming unemployment. As a matter of fact, between 1933 and the war, there was this short period during which Hitler was quite popular because the horrors of the war did not visit the German people and, on the other hand, the horrors of unemployment had been overcome by Hitler. He could bring the economy out of the crisis. Our current fascists in India are actually incapable of achieving that,
18480 These outcomes are worse than were recorded during the global financial crisis or the European sovereign crisis.
18481 They've claimed that, for 40 years, Iran was unwilling to engage with the U.S., but that, somehow, the bellicose actions and rhetoric the Trump administration has employed will bring about a diplomatic outcome where other administrations failed. But that `history' lesson doesn't square with reality.
18482 Stakeholder perspectives on the importance of the U.S. Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board.
18483 The Trump administration is not requiring anyone to plan for or mitigate against the effects of climate change,
18484 It's a familiar theme with this industry.
18485 That day, I was studying in the library from morning onwards. Around 6 pm, police entered the premises without any warning and started lathi charging at everybody. I was beaten too even though was not connected to any protest,
18486 Then, why did CEO Vicki Hollub and Chairman Gene Batchelder totally break these important vows and long-held principles, and instead chose to `bet the Company' by incurring over $40 billion of debt (including the preferred) and paying a massive 65% premium to `win' a bidding war against Chevron? Why did they decide to embark on this ill-advised bet that has already destroyed over $30 billion in stockholder value; and if oil continues its decline, we believe will jeopardize the dividend, leaving stockholders to suffer even more?
18487 We had nearly half a million black-and-white prints going back to the 1870s, about 12,000 illustrations, hand-tinted black-and-white prints, and one of the largest collections of autochromes in the world. It's one of the biggest, most comprehensive records of the world anywhere,
18488 We are delighted to partner with HBKU, one of the region's most ambitious universities with a strong focus on interdisciplinary research. As we continue to enhance our output, we look forward to this new MoU with HBKU to bolster our research capabilities, expand our academic network and community outreach.
18489 Why Did New York Become and Stay America's Largest City?,
18490 Both the Right and the Left have redefined socialism, moreover, so that many young supporters now think that it just means a cuddlier, more equitable government,
18491 You need to get climate-sincere politicians in there; you have to be able to identify them and you have to keep them there,
18492 A fall in operating margins that lasted more than one or two years would likely produce a downgrade from Moody's,
18493 Even as the state government has allowed to continue mining operations, most of the lessees have scaled down productions. Only mechanised operations are on with engagement of minimum workforce while the local villagers who are engaged in mining fields for activities like picking and grading of minerals have been asked not to visit to the mining fields,
18494 nearly one-in-four workers -- 38.1 million out of 157.5 million -- are employed in the industries most likely to feel an immediate impact from the COVID-19 outbreak.
18495 Students of color and economically disadvantaged students are less likely to participate in CTE statewide, but this disparity disappears when you compare more and less advantaged kids within the same high school,
18496 systems that people choose to adopt and the conceptual definitions they choose to work with.
18497 We're going to work collaboratively with you, and partner with you to ensure that we can provide the best learning opportunities that are engaging and innovative for you and your students.
18498 Europe's high standards must not be called into question in the negotiations.
18499 His impressive background in the medical technology and life science segments makes him ideally suited to help guide the company for future success.
18500 in extreme upside scenarios.
18501 Like most supply-siders, the position she advocates may be summed up in the motto, `I favor sound money -- and plenty of it.
18502 We live in a time characterized by a feeling that we are no longer being assured an increasingly wide spread progress, but instead we are feeling like victims of the changes progress entails. This is a very sensitive movement, as many people can take advantage of suffering and frustration to impose restrictive visions, to impose and formulate ultra defensive campaigns, short term visions based on fears.
18503 We've talked about doing some inspections of various structures using similar type of technology. I know some folks are using it for stuff like identifying potholes.
18504 [ For this reason, ] The FenceART project is really important to Newton and to me,
18505 And with a lease, you can have a nicer car than you would with direct ownership.
18506 I think it's providing comfort to people too. I think it's giving them something to do and a reason to wake up every morning and kind of keep a normal routine so to speak. I mean I'm even fostering one which has been just a lot of fun
18507 The last message I would read into fewer [ tech ] IPOs is a lament,
18508 We arrived at an airport that was shattered by war.
18509 We will work with the folks on the ground to shape the infrastructure to fit their needs. Bottom line -- we remain flexible, available and ready to assist to meet the needs of our airmen and their families.
18510 We are delighted to partner with Airlink. It is exciting to see how more and more reputable companies are lending their hand to cricket. Cricket has no doubt aroused a lot of passion in the country and we take pride in ourselves for managing the highest level of performance both on and off the field.
18511 For charity c'mon Noel we can then go back to our amazing solo careers c'mon,
18512 With mash make Smash,
18513 Please god forgive my sin.
18514 Noel Gallagher being minted and rich as f ** k he's doing it for nothing me being a desperate c ** t and have f ** k all else going for himself I'm doing it for the cash c'm on you know LG x
18515 I've often thought, `Let's just do a gig.' But I realised I would only be doing it to shut this f ** king idiot up.
18516 Whether it's free WiFi or a fucking train up to fucking Scotland -- back and that in fucking zero time -- The Green Party are talking about real issues.
18517 I think it's really mind-boggling.
18518 once this is put to bed
18519 has instructed the government with being in the forefront of the country's development, ensuring economic growth, creating new jobs,
18520 First and foremost we have to think about the safety and health of our citizens [ and ] forum participants,
18521 Even now when certain industries experience lower activity levels, the sowing season is going ahead as planned. Meanwhile, shops do not have any stock supply disruptions despite the recent influx of demand,
18522 We plan to extend a special credit product for small and medium enterprises-an interest-free loan for urgent needs, in the first instance for salary payment to employees,
18523 It's not realistic for me, but for other people maybe it is.
18524 Less noticed has been the president's dramatic signing statement.... [ in which ] he declared that his administration did not agree with these restrictions and therefore, might not abide by them... The governance oversight that the Congress negotiated, in which the Treasury would NOT have sole discretion over the dispersal of funds, may not be intact,
18525 Oregon Children's Theatre Artistic Director Stan Foote and I both loved the book by Drew Deywalt because it's laugh out loud funny. Let's face it - we've all had a history of playing rock, paper, scissors - so it's great fun to think about how this legendary game began. Stan and I both agreed that First Stage Resident Playwright John Maclay was the perfect person to adapt the book. As I read the book, it just seemed like something John had written. Stan brought composer Eric Nordin on board, and he has created a great blend of rocking tunes. Eric explained, `When adapting the book, I found it to be very much like a collection of comic book heroes. Each of the many characters has their own personality, style and skills. I explored the idea that each should have their own musical influence as well. For example, Rock is patterned off classic rock & roll, Paper is patterned off dance pop music... and Scissors is patterned off a Latina pop star in the vein of Jennifer Lopez.' Audiences are in for a treat as they watch this battle of musical genres on stage between three great warriors!
18526 Precautionary measures as advised to the people of Sindh must be continued,
18527 set a new standard for our industry, going beyond anything that's required by law today.
18528 We hope you'll join us in supporting Second Harvest Food Bank -- or starting your own fundraiser for your local food bank,
18529 Inequality is very real, and it's been very real for a really long time. Any time systems get put under pressure, there's a crisis. Those differences get massively exacerbated.
18530 And I keep going because I look deep and find a resilience inside myself.
18531 I think I'm helping people remember that dating, for those who want to do it, is part of moving forward, and it is option B. If I could I would only date Dave. I made that choice. I just had that taken away from me.
18532 I probably appreciate it even more on the other side.
18533 The toughest part is that we don't know when this crisis will end. But we do know there are families that need our help, right now. Every dollar counts.
18534 democratizing access for small businesses,
18535 The changes under way require them to step up and play a more significant part in improving the safety and efficiency of these systems.
18536 There is no more feared or revered person today in the world of finance than Jamie Dimon.
18537 very constructive meeting. We discussed the intentions of the government to stabilize the economy, to address the debt issue and do so while not losing sight of the most vulnerable people
18538 The world is now in recession.
18539 has been slowing down naturally, transiting from what we can call high-speed to high-quality growth...
18540 Are we going to do it? I actually think that we will, because when we are pushed we actually come together,
18541 China today has a much bigger share [ 19 per cent ] of the global economy than during the SARS epidemic [ eight per cent ]. So if things go bad for China, this is not good news for the rest of the world. But they [ China ] are working very hard to contain the epidemic.
18542 for the overall financial needs of emerging markets is US$ 2.5 trillion.
18543 We can be hard at the IMF, but we have a soft heart. This is no longer your grandmother's IMF.
18544 is negative -- a recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse,
18545 My advice would be to seek ways in which this element of uncertainty is reduced in the interests of everybody, of the U.K., of the EU, the whole world.
18546 The Indian economy indeed has experienced an abrupt slowdown in 2019. We had to revise our growth projections, downwards to four per cent for last year. We are expecting 5.8 per cent (growth rate) in 2020 and then an upward trajectory to 6.5 per cent in 2021,
18547 The government already announced its commitment to a collaborative process with its creditors
18548 I am delighted to announce Antoinette Sayeh's appointment as IMF Deputy Managing Director -- our first IMF African DMD since 1999. Antoinette's stellar career speaks for itself -- including her time as an outstanding Director of our Africa Dept.. Welcome to my senior management team!
18549 complete shutdown of businesses worldwide is taking a heavy toll on the global economy.
18550 urgently seeking $18 billion in new loan resources for the Poverty Reduction and Growth Trust, and will also likely need at least $1.8 billion in subsidy resources.
18551 we have to see fiscal policy being more aggressive.
18552 This is particularly challenging for countries with weaker health systems and response capacity -- calling for a global coordination mechanism to accelerate the recovery of demand and supply,
18553 never having happened in the past.
18554 stands ready to mobilize its $1 trillion lending capacity to help our membership,
18555 If we act, and act together, we can avoid repeating the mistakes of the 1920s in the 2020s,
18556 more persistent and widespread.
18557 wise not to add more on top of it.
18558 inequality tends to increase before a financial crisis, signaling a strong link between inequality and financial stability
18559 no consensus on the issue.
18560 We had a downgrade in one large market -- India -- but we believe that's temporary. We expect momentum to improve further going ahead. There are also some bright spots like Indonesia and Vietnam,
18561 IMF staff is engaged with the authorities on how the [ IMF ] can further assist with their reform efforts and to help ensure that Sudan receives adequate external assistance.
18562 I urge other donors to help us replenish the trust's resources and boost further our ability to provide additional debt service relief for a full two years to our poorest member countries,
18563 Today, as a result of the crisis, 1 in 4 young people in Europe are at-risk of living in poverty.
18564 Confronting the Crisis: Priorities for the Global Economy
18565 WHO is there to protect the health of people, the IMF is there protect the health of world economy.
18566 global growth in 2020 will dip below last year's levels,
18567 We decided to beam the spotlight on the positive things coming out of Africa and that is why we created BAFEST, to not only bring Africans together to be entertained by Africans but also provide a platform for the world to experience the best of the African creative industry.
18568 So those who will be given equity don't exceed more than about three percent or four percent of the existing shareholders.
18569 We have decided to face... the payment deadline with the province's own resources, without assistance from the national government.
18570 We haven't got any help either from the Centre, or the state government or the Tea Board and have been recovering on our own,
18571 The virus will be around for some time. Social distancing or lockdowns are a must but we also have to slowly allow trade, exchange and markets to function. Otherwise, there can be a breakdown in food and essentials supply & sharp currency depreciation,
18572 What more NATO can do in the wider region to build long-term stability and security.
18573 This dangerous situation must be de-escalated, and we urge an immediate return to the 2018 cease-fire to avoid the worsening of the horrendous humanitarian situation in the region,
18574 NATO was created to deal with crises,
18575 This dangerous situation must be de-escalated.
18576 Ukraine's new President Volodymyr Zelensky assumed office in May 2019 and reaffirmed his country's strategic course of Euro-Atlantic integration. In October, the North Atlantic Council visited Odesa and Kyiv, and reiterated NATO's commitment to providing continued practical assistance to Ukraine,
18577 Nato is doing its part to help in this common fight against an invisible enemy
18578 We have just one issue on the agenda: the COVID-19 crisis,
18579 What we see, despite the fact that Russia has called for a cessation of exercises, we observe that their military activities remain at normal seasonal levels,
18580 have dealt with this effectively
18581 However, on the other hand, if the agreement allows for a reasonable timeline for a responsible withdrawal and ensures intra-Afghan talks, there is room for hope about a substantive reduction in conflict and violence. Peace will require much more.
18582 Turkey stands together with its allies in times of crisis and hardship. We hope our allies do the same,
18583 We are taking all precautions necessary to protect our people,
18584 We have to make sure that we have credible deterrence and defense also without the INF Treaty,
18585 Iran must refrain from further violence and provocations.
18586 Anything the health people want to do to save lives they should do,
18587 In France, they have a paid leave system, paid by the state. And if you operate a small business and your worker can't work right now, you're going to continue to pay them and you'll get reimbursed by the government for the person who can't work. It's seamless. They're getting paid the same. For the employer -- they're getting reimbursed.
18588 I love it, Jason.
18589 As the political atmosphere in Kenya progressively underwent transformation, so did President Moi. To his credit, it is during his tenure as Head of State when political pluralism was reinstated in Kenya,
18590 legendary mastery at thwarting crises.
18591 He got the company to the point here it's for sure going to get through 2020 without changing anything. And then, depending on how the politics turns out, he may never have to change it.
18592 If we see a substantial rise in oil prices it will be a problem for the oil-importing countries. Oil prices continue to be the key monitorable for Indian equities,
18593 Infrastructure is an investment opportunity for investors like us.
18594 internal unrest in the event of prolonged breakdowns in critical infrastructure, including food distribution and supplies, electricity, water and gas networks, and financial services
18595 owes to the world an independent investigation into how this happened.
18596 crippling damage to our economies and more broadly our societies,
18597 since, particularly, the Intifada has erupted, post the attempts by [ US ] President Clinton to deliver a Middle East peace agreement, Yasser Arafat has not played a constructive role. Yasser Arafat has failed to bring under control Hamas, he's failed to stop the suicide homicide bombings into Israel and I think that's tremendously disappointing.
18598 We know it started in China. We do not know exactly how it started. We need to make demands of China. They might be pretty resistant at first blush, but we have to persevere,
18599 feared Australia was seen as `overly supportive' of Israel while it was isolated `in poor company' supporting the Middle East nation in international forums.
18600 It is deplorable, however, that in the face of this progress, an Anglo-American axis of secrecy has actively chosen to double down on the practices that exacerbate corruption, tax abuse and global inequalities
18601 Our tourism industry has been hit hard by the coronavirus crisis, but it can play a critically important role helping slow the spread of the virus. This package will help businesses and jobs survive, as we do what's needed to save lives.
18602 I think that will be an issue and the other issue is there's no guarantee any form of international travel will be back up and running by October.
18603 Please do not see this as a clash between two groups of student. It was a targeted and planned attack with the complicity of the JNU administration and some faculty members who were helping to organise the goons brought in from outside, with the open complicity of JNU security and the Delhi Police,
18604 Two-thirds of the U.S. economy starts with the consumer. A health consumer is a heavy keel,
18605 We have a Monetary Policy Committee meeting scheduled for later this month and we will then assess all the information and make a decision based on that data.
18606 ... It's kind of a crazy situation where it looks like there may be a sort of [ collusion ] between the Republicans in South Carolina and the Russians to nominate the Democratic candidate for president,
18607 For many years now, I've enjoyed running from the Capitol down to the Lincoln Memorial and back,
18608 Another unacceptable element of this proposal is allowing companies to prepare their own environmental impact statements,
18609 If there was ever a time for EPA to release an anti-science proposal, it is certainly not now. In fact, it's hard to imagine a time when our nation needed to embrace science more than we do at this very moment. At a time when the American people are looking to the federal government to be guided by science and lead, and this proposal is far from what our country needs,
18610 With these major deficiencies on the climate front, the new NAFTA's environment chapter cannot be considered a template for future trade negotiations,
18611 It is... possible that studies that could be usefully relied upon during a pandemic or other crisis would be systematically excluded from being used in EPA's scientific and regulatory efforts well before the next pandemic or other crisis [ that ] occurs if this rule is finalized,
18612 There are a lot of good people in the EPA,
18613 received reports of seemingly purposeful and potentially unlawful efforts on the part of EPA political officials to avoid the standard processes and statutory requirements associated with proposing and finalizing these two high-profile rules, including potential efforts to conceal documents that should eventually be made public.
18614 an abundance of energy supply in terms of oil and gas. It's the reason that recent incidents we have seen -- with the Iranian general killed, Libya unrest -- didn't boost international oil prices,
18615 But this is beyond economics and energy. This is about health and the world needs to face this with solidarity.
18616 allowing Opec producers from the Middle East to turn the taps back up to keep the market in balance
18617 we all remember 2019 as a definitive peak in global emissions.
18618 I believe in a few years time, when we look back on 2020, we may well see that it was the worst year in the history of global oil markets and, during that terrible year, the second quarter may have been the worst of the lot,
18619 We shouldn't forget that if there is a rebound of the economy... we may well see a big rebound of emissions as well.
18620 It is evidence that clean energy transitions are underway -- and it's also a signal that we have the opportunity to meaningfully move the needle on emissions through more ambitious policies and investments.
18621 The recent developments in Iraq -- the second-largest producer in Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) -- is the single largest threat to the stable oil market in the short-term,
18622 We are expecting a demand growth of slightly higher than 1 million barrels per day,
18623 upbeat mood in the markets for a couple of days (or) couple of weeks, but people will realize there is still a huge amount of oil in the market.
18624 back him in courts if he wants
18625 BRI is a wonderful concept, but it has affected India as the present proposal passes through the PoK,
18626 The British have looted and taken away 71 trillion dollars from India. After Independence, India did not grow fast enough till 1990. It is because of Jawaharlal Nehru as he insisted on adopting the Soviet economic model,
18627 it was unfortunate for the country that after Syama Prasad Mookerjee and Babasaheb Ambedkar resigned from the government, their suggestions were not implemented as they should have been. Today, I would like to announce that Kolkata Port Trust will be known as Syama Prasad Mukherjee port.
18628 the PM does not understand economics
18629 going less to the movies, to bars, to restaurants,
18630 is trying to be seen to be doing a lot, but he's actually doing very little.
18631 It is often observed that amalgamation of adjacent plots of land is required, especially in cases of family property. The present stamp duty of 5 per cent to 7 per cent is imposed on such transaction. I propose to reduce the stamp duty in such cases from 5 to 7 per cent to nominal 0.5 per cent with the ceiling of Rs 3,00,000,
18632 God save India from the hands of those who have no vision, no strategy, only words. Two and a half hours of budget speaking, but just as empty as a vessel that keeps clankering,
18633 Bengal is yet to receive GST compensation of Rs 1,775 crore up to January 2020, which includes the outstanding compensation for October-November 2019. Moreover, GST compensation for February-March 2020 of around Rs 1,100 crore is also due,
18634 From the projection that the central government made in its presentation during the meeting, it appears that there would be no money left by February 2020 to compensate states,
18635 Over the past decade, the advent and obliteration of technologies at neck-breaking speed, split-second connectivity through the Internet, and the exponential rise in the use of social media has become the global mainstream. It asks for `no-nonsense' professionalism. We have to be more prepared than ever before to live up to the task. We also have to be ahead of our time and be spot-on in identifying the upcoming trends. News, real and fake, is spreading like wildfire and gets viral before even the batting of an eyelid. All these and much more are testing our worth, our intelligence, skill set, intellectual flexibility and professional resolve for accomplishing a given task.
18636 People who had managed to claw back from the Great Recession and build up a bit of a cushion, they are probably burning through those reserves,
18637 Spring 2020 hasn't shut down for writers; it has opened up on a new creative stage,
18638 Tax Myths of Warrenonomics,
18639 The whole object is to bump up prices by dumping oil now. People should not get their hopes up for a gasoline price decrease over a prolonged period of time.
18640 It's critical in getting everyday supplies in and out of Canada in both directions. In that sense, by keeping the border open [ to trade ], you are essentially saying it remains open because it is our lifeline.
18641 I suggested as treasurer three years ago to switch to a digital platform, and it's working just fine. People like it, and it's a whole lot cheaper. Yes, we don't personally get together for the meeting anymore, but for a small corporation like ours, it makes all kinds of sense.
18642 they've escalated their lending
18643 I congratulate Somalia for embracing important reforms that can do much to encourage sustainable poverty reduction, and I thank our international partners who have worked with us to bring Somalia to this important stage,
18644 We have a lot of liquidity in the banking system but we are seeing risk aversion at an all-time high as there is no appetite for taking even ordinary risks due to NPAs and credit clearance cycle,
18645 We just won't have the froth created by the Fed,
18646 The episode was a reminder that the world is not as safe a place as we thought it was,
18647 Here, there's a deadly germ out there and you don't want to go near it for your sake and your community's sake. There's only one equilibrium: It's economic inactivity until the danger passes.
18648 Obviously, he's going to have a theme to this speech that is akin to `mission accomplished' in the sense of branding it as a great American comeback,
18649 Our trade deficit with China might decrease, but our overall trade deficit would not,
18650 It's going to be very difficult to forestall recession at this point. But they need it to limit the economic damage.
18651 Even though the virus will have receded, an economic slog will continue with weak job growth and persistently high unemployment as worries that the virus will flare up again stymie travel, trade and business expansion,
18652 can't seem to get on the same page with the experts, the CDC,
18653 is especially corrosive on that faith and is thus a serious threat to the record-long economic expansion.
18654 That would give us 23 million. We've got a little more go. We're probably three-quarters of the way there,
18655 The line between an expanding economy and recession is crossed when investors, businesses and -- most important -- consumers lose faith,
18656 I would like to assure the people of Sudan that I am safe and in good shape. Rest assured that what happened today will not stand in the way of our transition. Instead, it is an additional push to the wheel of change in Sudan,
18657 it is important that they remain focused on them
18658 not only ineffective but counter-productive.
18659 The second fiscal stimulus must support firms and households to survive through the crisis.
18660 a renewed enthusiasm for investment in the country because I think that's in our collective interest
18661 Whether or not the government has a small budget surplus from an economic perspective is not really that important,
18662 However, the time at which the mortgage was taken out also has an important influence on the interest rate paid. This reflects the tendency for competitive pressures to be strongest for new and other borrowers who are in the process of shopping around for a loan.
18663 credit conditions for small - and medium-sized businesses remain tight
18664 bridge to the other side when recovery takes place
18665 new uncertainty affecting the Australian economy.
18666 It is having a major effect on the education sector -- we are probably feeling that more than many other places,
18667 The list of areas where further investment would improve our future prospects is well known. It includes investments in infrastructure, in human capital, in energy production and distribution, in new data technologies, and in measures to deal with climate change and its effects.
18668 decision to support the economy as it responds to the global coronavirus outbreak.
18669 The standard way of thinking for the past 20 years has been that monetary policy really is the stabiliser, deals with the economic cycle, and fiscal policy just deals with the structural issues. But with interest rates as low as they are there is limited scope in the future, probably, for monetary policy to play exactly the same role that it used to play.
18670 It's our home. It's your home to take responsibility of, the Government is here to assist you, but you need to take the initiative yourselves,
18671 may feel tired of the perception of China as being a Third World country.
18672 Conditions today are very different than the last boom/bust cycle. In 2004, we had a huge oversupply of new homes. In 2019, we still had a huge undersupply of new homes. In fact, we haven't been building enough new homes to keep up with demand in over a decade. During the last downturn, there was the subprime factor and the variable interest rate. Now there are fewer variable rate mortgages and virtually no sub-prime mortgages.
18673 China has been the most important source of foreign demand for real estate,
18674 Moreover, faster price appreciation in warmer Southern states reflect the ongoing migratory trend of people moving out of expensive regions of the country to more affordable parts. In 2020, more home-building activity and consequent growth in supply should tame down home price gains. That's a healthy development for potential homebuyers. Southern cities should once again do better than most other markets.
18675 The US spends nearly one-fifth of its GDP on health care but is failing to cope with a pandemic like COVID-19 because resource allocation has been driven by profit, not the safety of the masses. As vested financial interests resist the reallocation of resources, the economy is likely to be dragged down.
18676 This is a crisis, we all agree,
18677 Enquiries about Invest North Bay should be directed to Ian Kilgour.
18678 Where somebody grows up can be the single greatest determinant of their life outcome,
18679 We are going to do the peoples' business, but we are going to take social distancing steps, things that are smart behavioral practices to ensure that we can limit the risk associated with the spread of this virus.
18680 Africa's foreign direct investment this year grew by 11 per cent. When one looks at Asia, which grew by 4 per cent, while globally, foreign direct investment declined by 13 per cent and developed countries declined by 23 per cent, one will appreciate that Africa is actually doing quite well,
18681 They have secured for themselves, a place in the Africa's best 11 team. We are very proud of the work they do, and are happy to be identified with them
18682 We are excited about the recent listing of Kenya's Acorn Holdings, the country's first green bond in January 2020,
18683 But it is going to take time to wean themselves off that.
18684 I expect that there will be a budget. Especially in an election year, it would be incredibly risky and costly for both sides.
18685 None of the candidates to succeed AKK (Kramp-Karrenbauer) toys with the idea of leaving the coalition with the centre-left SPD and/or triggering snap elections.
18686 one cannot have a true democracy with the kinds of large concentrations of market power and wealth that mark the US today.
18687 Past experience, however, includes nothing like the coronavirus outbreak.
18688 For short-term traders, this volatility is very exciting, but for long-term investors, it's worrying.
18689 Whatever the number, this report is old news,
18690 If sustained, that's more than enough to push the unemployment rate down to new lows, and to add upward pressure to wage growth,
18691 Global cases outside China rose 18.4% yesterday, the biggest increase in five days. At that pace, total cases double every 4.1 days,
18692 The unfolding nightmare in the labor market has removed large numbers of potential homebuyers from the pool,
18693 in theory ought to boost the manufacturing sector in the short term,
18694 The monthly numbers are noisy, though, and the trend is drifting down slowly, much less bad than the rollover implied by business surveys. This story seems unlikely to change much in the near future.
18695 The Fed's emergency actions Sunday appear to have scared investors into thinking that the Fed knows something they don't. We think the latter is unlikely, but we do think that markets have been slow to grasp the scale of the problem.
18696 This coalition promises to be a valuable addition to our collective efforts to square this circle.
18697 Total TAC as a percentage of Total Advertising Revenues was down year-over-year,
18698 every Google office is affected in some way.
18699 With Sidewalk it is not an either or,
18700 Long-term success requires a commitment to making bets, putting the right talent and resources behind those bets, and remaining flexible and dynamic as we pursue them.
18701 And tenants are at a constant disadvantage, facing abusive landlords, and state laws that constantly give tenants the short end of the stick. SB 1528 simply levels the playing field.
18702 are spot assets and must clear the surpluses developing today from weak demand and rising supply.
18703 The magnitude of the demand shock we're seeing is on par with `08 -' 09,
18704 Basically, there is no data that shows applying excise will reduce the risk of non-communicable diseases and obesity, if that's the intention,
18705 COVID-19 has resulted in the global economy entering a recession,
18706 Rather than encouraging to do better, we are simply lying to them and telling them that they are just fine the way they are. Unfortunately, many of these people are dying from diabetes.
18707 Lizzo is popular is because there is an obesity epidemic in America,
18708 These vulnerabilities build over time... You get better stuff now at the cost of worse later.
18709 Can monetary policy address output and stable prices and something called financial conditions? You need another tool,
18710 This means the cells are perfectly matched to the patient and it should be a much safer transplant, without the risks of rejection.
18711 We will not put our faith in corporate politicians.
18712 the remaining 97 percent of companies -- about 22,200 -- would pay no tax under the proposal.
18713 We will not fool Jeff Bezos by calling our big business tax something else,
18714 But there is no error. The number is a measure of the scale of the distortions tied in all probability to expanded use of the capital allowance for intangible assets, and the associated swings in Ireland's investment in IP and IP imports.
18715 almost nothing new in the currency provisions
18716 He had gotten them and given them to the staff. They told me they were going to the game, but they didn't go. Thought about it last year and thought what about if the Chiefs win? And here we are, 50 years later.
18717 The U.S. Supreme Court has said that the relationship between the fare-paying passenger and a cruise line is a governing contract,
18718 Birthdays are very important to her. She doesn't miss anyone's birthday,
18719 Now what we're making sure is that what they have to look forward to is the lowest interest rates that we've seen in a very, very long time,
18720 The downside risks to the economy today are more than sufficient to outweigh our continuing concern about financial vulnerabilities,
18721 This should ease those financing constraints for the provinces, and at least give them predictability for their near-term cash flows,
18722 help to restore a key source of short-term funding for businesses.
18723 I think (Poloz) will be pleased to see that rebound in jobs numbers in December,
18724 Oil prices dropped on Friday extending days of losses as the threat of war in the Middle East receded, and investors switched attention to economic growth prospects and the rise in U.S. crude oil and product inventories,
18725 Then we've got this silly interpretation of the legal words and mumbo-jumbo that somehow makes it OK to have un-free trade within Canada.
18726 Much of governing council's deliberations focused on how persistent this recent slowdown in the domestic economy might be,
18727 stands ready to contribute to overall government efforts for the management of this public health situation,
18728 We are studying very carefully... because it will have implications,
18729 what every self-respecting news outlet ought to be.
18730 All of the Riksbank's tools can be put to use,
18731 And then think about people who are in a hard place and give that.
18732 At the moment we should do whatever we can to provide resources to keep the growth rate at the minimum declining level, increase jobs, raise demand and availability of goods and services. It is key to look at the current situation this way, rather than saying I won't do this or that
18733 Changes in demographics, such as a decline in population and the fast aging of society, will have an impact on the whole economy and nation that will become more and more visible,
18734 It has to be said that it's a pretty good return on investment for them.
18735 It's the President who can put the federal government on any calendar he wants.
18736 Price stability is that state in which expected changes in the general price level do not effectively alter business or household decisions.
18737 Removing the quota system is not enough as the biggest problem is presidential immunity,
18738 They stood up to their billing and reputation as one of the most professional armies in Africa and the world.
18739 Students are taking rigorous courses and doing well, but still not scoring as high on their tests. Earning the grades they need to be college-ready should be paramount.
18740 [ Here ] you can hit a wall and you're OK. There is no reset in real life.
18741 Europe stagnated and Japan's economy shrank in the last quarter of 2019, even as China and India were losing momentum. So this year was already off to a rocky start. Now, the coronavirus has put the world economy in survival mode. The spread of the virus is hurting travel, trade and supply chains worldwide.
18742 The discussions and pervasive sentiments at Davos might have lulled Chinese policymakers,
18743 It should also be noted that this exercise is performed as a deterministic simulation and hence does not capture the potential benefits of the asset purchase program in mitigating downside risks to economic activity and inflation.
18744 We could see a significant impact on Europe, which has been weak to start with, and it's just conceivable that it could throw the United States into a recession,
18745 Saving lives and saving the economy are not in conflict right now,
18746 Kudos @PiyushGoyal you are absolutely right. Kindly enlighten Shri @amitabhk87 also, because he seems to be deeply impressed by the company, especially $1 billion.
18747 deliberately floated with cohesion of some bureaucrats that India doesn't have pool of talent to provide the 5G and 6G solutions.
18748 This was due to companies' more pessimistic outlook for the coming months,
18749 You must realise, in a democracy, there is nothing wrong to have dissent within the party. I don't think there's much merit in running a party in a way in which everyone in a party simply endorses what the party leadership thinks. This is an example of democratic dissent surfacing (within the party). In my view nothing wrong with it.
18750 A lot of people who bought it in the early days comment on how it is like they remembered,
18751 Nor are the health systems by themselves able to cope.
18752 It is absolutely unconscionable to keep sanctions on at this moment. The only moral, sane and legal thing to do is stop the madness that is crippling other countries' health systems.
18753 The aspirational growth rate could be between 6.5 percent to 7 percent. At this stage it will be difficult to attain nine per cent GDP growth,
18754 I think it's really important to balance out the economic consequences with the health consequences,
18755 I took the view it was deliberately. I had been around politicians in public places and nobody else did it. There was no need for it.
18756 At some point, that information, that facts and that evidence will see the light of day.
18757 information will see the light of day
18758 As many of you will know, there was certain evidence I would like to have seen led in this trial but for a variety of reasons we weren't able to do so. At some point that information, that fact and that evidence will see the light of day but it won't be this day, for a very good reason,
18759 has been much reinforced today
18760 There is certain evidence that I would like to have seen led in this trial but for a variety of reasons we were not able to do so.
18761 exaggerations taken out of proportion
18762 If you're charging over $1.50, indeed, if you're charging over $1.40, that's price-gouging,
18763 Even if it's less than [ cartel behaviour ] you can also deal with it now under concerted practices.
18764 They (comparison sites) are there to make money - they're not there to help you,
18765 lost a once-in-a-generation opportunity for stronger competition and cheaper mobile telecommunications services
18766 Bring your prices down.
18767 Once the crisis is over measures can be unwound and that's the best way to get recovery -- losing competitive dynamic through this crisis would be a tragedy.
18768 In the longer run, we're going to learn some things about how effective teaching online is,
18769 In this situation, what does the moderate Right... have to offer? Only more free trade and globalization, more deregulation and structural change, thus more dislocation of lives and social relations.
18770 It will be very expensive, but not doing it will be even more expensive.
18771 Norman is a very explosive modern, attacking player,
18772 our loved ones in urban neighborhoods, in rural communities -- black folks, brown folks -- who are essential workers
18773 partial change in operation.
18774 Roughly 40 percent of our campaign staff are people of color and 50 percent are women,
18775 The COVID-19 pandemic is inflicting high and rising human costs worldwide. Protecting lives and allowing health care systems to cope have required isolation, lockdowns, and widespread closures to slow the spread of the virus.
18776 This is a downgrade of 6.3 percentage points from January 2020, a major revision over a very short period,
18777 Consider the euro, which has been the leading contender to replace the dollar over the past 20 years. Its impact on the dollar's dominance has been modest at best, owing to financial fragmentation, inadequate fiscal risk-sharing and slow progress on the euro area's governance framework. Uncertainty about the long-term stability of the eurozone does not help,
18778 The project is expected to strengthen the transparency and accountability oversight mandates of the three institutions in line with the Transitional Stabilisation Programme which prioritises fiscal consolidation, economic stabilisation, and inclusive growth as well as employment creation,
18779 We also know that one of the reasons why the US dollar continues to be used is that we do not have enough Zimbabwe dollars in circulation. There is a cash deficit of domestic currency. That is why we have said we want to introduce more cash in a very prudent way. We have up to $5 notes now. We will move to $10, $20 and sometime in the future if we need a higher denomination, we will make an analysis and determine. There is no urgency in that.
18780 We want to solve the problem of borrowing from loan sharks and since it's a mutual facility people can opt out.
18781 The social and economic consequences of inequality are profound and far-reaching: A growing sense of unfairness, [ lack of predictability ], perceived loss of identity and dignity, weakening social fabric, eroding trust in institutions, disenchantment with political processes, and an erosion of the social contract,
18782 We encourage you to use the opportunity of your upcoming participation to make a commitment to act on climate change,
18783 We think what we do is very necessary, and business thinks so too,
18784 renewing the concept of stakeholder capitalism to overcome income inequality, societal division and the climate crisis.
18785 as a way of addressing the world's greatest challenges, from societal divisions caused by income inequality and political polarization to the climate change crisis we face today.
18786 was much more on the micro side, but I thought that answers could be found by putting micro into macro.
18787 We need common and enforceable rules on revolving doors in EU institutions,
18788 It is open to debate whether we need special rules for green... investments,
18789 We will continue our collaboration with the Manpower Ministry and BNSP to standardize financial technology and train entrepreneurial skills from micro to small and medium enterprises,
18790 We are working very hard to contain the COVID-19 effects on the economy.
18791 depends instead upon the exploitation and control of human nature.
18792 Gretchen is one of the most respected news anchors and a formidable advocate for women's empowerment. Since developing `The Loudest Voice,' our respect for her has only increased,
18793 I have been a labour economist for a very long time and I have never seen anything like this,
18794 That can make it easier for workers to contemplate going on strike.
18795 This kind of upending of the labour market in such a short time is unheard of,
18796 If you get the coronavirus and are quarantined, we're talking about two weeks, we're not talking about five days,
18797 somewhere between a masochist and a madman
18798 immediately engage with the RSA to introduce measures
18799 demonstrated very clearly his strong desire to see a vibrant body emerge for the good the Irish game
18800 That looks to me like it's the only real option at the moment
18801 This project incorporates both biology and engineering students, who have some idea about design and the details of modeling, and brings those two groups together and learning from each other. It's very much in the spirit of BIOTRANS,
18802 I think we're talking about a very intensive time of negotiations and talks between the four parties in the next few days. I don't think we're talking about months or weeks, I think we're talking about something happening fairly soon and getting a good result in the near future.
18803 the amount of money earmarked for public transport initiatives in the National Development Plan may not be sufficient to fund the full scope of work envisaged on those projects
18804 We anticipate that within days we'll have another meeting, possibly with members of UEFA and, finally, if we do get substantial progress, we'll hopefully have another meeting with all of the stakeholders together.
18805 The economic war is not only about trade between the US and China. We are going to be caught in it as China is our major trading partner, and there are a lot of Malaysian investments with China,
18806 Any weakness to these and other companies would likely push earnings estimates lower,
18807 This deal marks Piramal's exit in the project. SNC has now taken over the project and plans to invest over Rs 100 crore to develop a world class office space on the land,
18808 for upholding the values and ideals of institutions of governance, democracy and the rule of law, in the landmark decision by the Malawian courts that led to the nullification of the 2019 Presidential elections.
18809 I take care of their projects in west and central Africa. I've done a lot of organization of community groups in other countries, for disaster response, drought relief, I've run refugee camps,
18810 It really seems to be the diversity of economics that makes it do well in influencing other fields,
18811 The person in whose memory this hall is named, Derozio, who was a Eurasian -- a mixture of Indian and Portuguese parentage -- was staunchly a non-believer and he presented classes here in this institution, still called the Hindoo College, which is now of course the Presidency College, in which he disputed the general beliefs of all religions... In many ways, these are the great elements of heritage that the college carries.
18812 From what I have read in the newspapers, her main fault is she had uploaded some protest rally images on the Internet. It is difficult to assess whether it is a strong enough logic to ask her to leave the country for this act,
18813 we believe that the current discount to NAV is an extraordinary buying opportunity.
18814 There are already ventilator shortages. Please ramp up production now as thousands more will be needed. Thank you on behalf of all of us!
18815 To dig yourself out of a deep hole, make sure you make progress every day. Don't look at the peak before. Just look up a few steps. Eventually you'll find yourself out of a hole,
18816 We couldn't be more pleased with how well GOAU has performed since its debut two and a half years ago,
18817 Our decision to utilize GPUs as opposed to ASICs to mine Ethereum is for two reasons,
18818 unusually warm winter in Sweden
18819 We'll probably have to talk about that as well,
18820 But I do think it would have an adverse effect on our job under the Constitution, and that has to come first.
18821 We have people who are moving to areas primarily because of housing being inexpensive rather than because it's particularly productive,
18822 there seems to be a sense in which insiders have managed to stack the deck against outsiders.
18823 We should implement a regime that would allow the return of Russians with appropriate quarantine measures and the possibility of Chinese citizens leaving Russia,
18824 False reports on a fairly large number of infected people in Russia claiming that the authorities hide this information have appeared in social networks recently. Let me stress once again that this is not true. The special task team and the Russian government, all agencies, which oversee the situation, as well as regions, are involved in preventive work,
18825 You've got to engage in the very best public health you can because the downside is really that bad.
18826 a good enough measure of economic performance.
18827 And I think that's a big negative.
18828 First estimates by ONB forecasters point to a sharp decline in real GDP in Austria by more than 3 per cent in a moderate Covid-19 scenario,
18829 Governments need to replace as much as possible of the private-sector income hit, in order to limit the downward pressure on after-tax income and therefore on spending.
18830 That's continued to be in a 3.25 to 3.5% range,
18831 If forecasts turn out the way the Bank is expecting, I do not think we need to see an interest rate cut.
18832 spun by No 10 as being very unfavourable
18833 In this interdependent world where our economic destinies are intertwined, there's going to be mutual amplification, because the shock is simultaneously affecting all these important countries,
18834 It was then dismissive toward Iran,
18835 Anti-imperialism is most fun when you don't have to live under it,
18836 My feeling is the British public will not really want to eat chicken with chlorine because they are still mentally Europeans, with certain ideas about safety, health and the environment.
18837 One more extreme event in the Philippines, for example, one more Supertyphoon `Yolanda' (international name: Haiyan) or Typhoon `Pablo' (Bopha) or Tropical Storm `Ondoy' (Ketsana), would strain the country's ability to cope,
18838 If the U.S. government is going to assist other countries, let alone provide some kind of leadership role during this global crisis, the first thing it should do is 'cause no harm, '
18839 portend ominous change in economic prospects, major increases in public debt burdens, and slower economic growth,
18840 Some people want cash back... Other people pick credit cards that are aligned to discounts on fuel. So if you commute a lot, you spend a lot of money. Sometimes those credit cards linked to gas discounts at the pump could be like six cents off per litre.
18841 The Fed is facing a difficult challenge,
18842 When you're worried about errors of commission, defensive medicine can lead to [ less ] treatment of patients,
18843 ... everything in on the table.
18844 Right now, the border is our lifeline. I think Trudeau knows this and Trump, well, he knows it but the question is: does he really care? I think he is being recognized as a leader who really didn't see the gravity of the situation at first,
18845 As consumers are moving away from beer, the industry is left wondering what the future holds for this very important sector of the economy,
18846 Going on a global gold standard would provide a much more democratic international monetary system than the one that exists today...
18847 It's difficult to explain. That's why they didn't explain it very well.
18848 We need to think deeply about how to keep severely impacted businesses afloat,
18849 Let's be perfectly frank. We are witnessing a painful decline in our global economy,
18850 When we protect animals, we also protect ecosystems. Project Tiger, for instance, has not only saved that magnificent animal but also helped save our forests,
18851 Set up 24x7 MSME Control room and helpline to provide cross-country logistics support addressing supply chain continuity,
18852 The exhibition recognises the multifacted nature of his personality and the influence Mahatma Gandhi had on our culture,
18853 acute and are going to come fast,
18854 But if it continues to be uncontrolled through the [ northern hemisphere's ] summer then Australian firms are going to have to cut back production significantly -- and that's just a microcosm of the threat around the world.
18855 It's highly likely that there's very strong growth at least in the first half of the year that is sort of tempered later by threats over election uncertainty, which tend to slow things down a bit,
18856 I'm not going to bother to vote because the electoral process is corrupted. It is better not to vote. They are ready to steal our rights,
18857 In some aspects, the air on a plane is cleaner than what's going on in your office buildings,
18858 It can be difficult in today's information-rich society to know exactly where to go for knowledge about how to keep yourself and your loved ones safe,
18859 The unemployment rate is at a 50-year low, inflation is close to our 2% objective, gross domestic product growth is solid.
18860 It is still too soon to even speculate about either the size or the persistence
18861 was the land of low prices and free markets, where you had a lot of choices, be it for flying around, buying a cell phone or getting on the internet
18862 We have to find a way to reinvent the market economy so it works for more people.
18863 We will want to open malls, but that will take time. I don't believe it will happen in April, perhaps sometime in May, depending on the numbers we see and how citizens comply with regulations and restrictions,
18864 It is definitely a shame, but I don't know what could be done to save it, really. Unfortunately there's not much to come to Whitehaven for on a Saturday anymore, so the car park wasn't being used.
18865 It's important that we know the sample week -- not the week the test was reported, but the week the sample was taken from the patient,
18866 The Star programme provides us with the sales tools needed to generate faster quotes, protect and track deals, and gain insights into how our customers are using their Check Point solutions. In a world where being connected is mission-critical and safeguarding sensitive organisational data is a corporate priority, becoming a 4 Star Partner takes our value proposition to a completely different level.
18867 These wealth-tax proposals are new,
18868 A janitor, however skilled at his job, can only clean one building at a time.
18869 became this quest to seek a vigilante justice, to don that vigilante cape myself, to shed light on crimes and truths, and continue this story in the face of so much [ present day ] anti-Semitism and Holocaust denial.
18870 Given the scale of the climate challenge and the rising expectations of our citizens, 2020 must be a year of climate action where everybody's in, and that includes the world's leading financial centre. To identify the largest opportunities and to manage the associated risks, disclosures of climate risk must become comprehensive, climate risk management must be transformed, and investing for a net-zero world must go mainstream.
18871 From an economic perspective, it is already bigger than Sars.
18872 Detect early cases, follow up close contacts, and prevent the disease taking hold in this country for as long as is reasonably possible
18873 government gives this institutional form a profile and make it meaningful, you actually have to talk to the public.
18874 It is our position that legally several of the charges cannot be sustained and therefore as a matter of law should be dismissed before it ever reaches the jury,
18875 These include analyses of sector regulations and market conditions, and an impact evaluation of PCC's decisions. The commission also intends to conduct research on vertical restraints and the impact of government subsidies and subsidy-like measures on the competition landscape,
18876 This is an extraordinary time in our world-unlike any most of us have ever lived through before - and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment. To our staff and fans, I apologise for getting this wrong.
18877 We weren't winning enough.
18878 We had an extremely strong quarter with Total Revenues growing 3% in constant currency,
18879 What if you ask and they say yes? Consumers' willingness to disclose personal data is stronger than you think,
18880 consistently took home products that bombed
18881 He is raising more money than the other candidates, except for Bernie,
18882 I would guess that just about every factory in the great coastal manufacturing hubs of Guangdong Province and Shenzhen, the Shanghai -- Suzhou -- Nanjing corridor, or around Chongqing in Sichuan Province has some workers who went home to Wuhan or another contagion area for the holiday,
18883 LGBTQ youth are 120 percent more likely to experience homelessness than their straight and cisgender peers. Transgender youth are at especially high risk and face unique types of discrimination and trauma while experiencing homelessness. Young people should never have to fear discrimination or violence in seeking services, and we must not fail them by rolling back the very policies meant to protect them.
18884 LGBTQ youth are 120% more likely to experience homelessness than their straight and cisgender peers. Transgender youth are at especially high risk and face unique types of discrimination and trauma while experiencing homelessness. Young people should never have to fear discrimination or violence in seeking services, and we must not fail them by rolling back the very policies meant to protect them.
18885 The franchise fees can kill you,
18886 The honest answer is it's not easy,
18887 We are ready for the needs to put that up again as needs to.
18888 But now that I have done so much healing, the beard is a reminder of how important it is to be proud of how far we've come,
18889 The board will meet this week and it should be ratified then. There is a process in which a board ratifies its chairman and that's where we are at this time. I believe in collective responsibility so I will speak in detail later about my plans,
18890 We never focused enough on the real problem in 2008, which was homeowners,
18891 the Christian case for abortion,
18892 In fact, for [ Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren ], opposing trade deals and caring about their blue collar Americans doesn't float their boats. They're not interested. Because [ Barack Obama ] loved off-shoring friendly trade deals, more and more Democrats decided they did, too.
18893 Perhaps this rise of alternative working, insecure arrangements may have contributed at least in part to that flat-lining of productivity,
18894 There are Russian oligarchs who have a much greater impact on the security of this country. What's most shocking is that the Russian government is indirectly hiring British nationals to assist them in its intelligence operations.
18895 We're hoping the refineries like Domino can crank out as much sugar as they can,
18896 We're just in the craziest monetary-fiscal [ policy ] mix in history. It's so explosive, it defies imagination. It reminds me a lot of early `99 [ when inflation was low and stock markets were soaring ]. The difference is the fed funds rate was 4.75 percent -- today it's 1.62 percent. Then we had a budget surplus, today we have a 5 percent deficit, you can't make it up... it's crazy times.
18897 America is really at its best when it faces big challenges,
18898 It's quite natural to consider how to make international transactions more convenient,
18899 There is some anecdotal evidence already of re-infections, but we really don't know.
18900 This blindness suggests that information bearing on the economy's near-term path is rapidly available to all, but rare events such as recessions are fundamentally unforecastable.
18901 We have to bring Myanmar along and use all platforms to drive this forward. Land connectivity will make a real difference not just in terms of physical transportation but also to bridge a psychological gap that exists between Thailand and India because we don't share a land border.
18902 Banks owe a lot to the Portuguese. Now it is their obligation to help,
18903 But this crisis is not simply about liquidity. It is primarily about solvency -- at a time when large segments of the global economy have come to a complete stop. As a result, fiscal policy has a vital role to play,
18904 crucial that policymakers continue to monitor the buildup of financial vulnerabilities and take steps to address them where appropriate in order to reduce the chance that such vulnerabilities may amplify the adverse impact of shocks to the global economy.
18905 The biggest challenge for whoever takes it over,
18906 These are experienced, internally motivated persons all in search of getting better and questioning whatever convention is out there and they're trying to responsibly look at what will enable them to be better coaches and our players to be better hitters. At the same time, a lot of technology is sort of becoming ready for prime time. Bat sensors, body sensors, force plates. So we're involved with that and hope to put it to good use this year.
18907 This is an opportunity to highlight them and tell their stories.
18908 We don't want to wait until a negative impact takes place. Our strong economic and financial conditions have made sacrifices possible to help the economy,
18909 when the rate of return on capital exceeds the rate of growth of output and income, as it did in the nineteenth century and seems quite likely to do again in the twenty-first, capitalism automatically generates arbitrary and unsustainable inequalities
18910 taxes a certain level of income or inheritance at a rate of 70 or 80 percent, the primary goal is obviously not to raise additional revenue (because these high brackets never yield much).
18911 I think what's responsible and fair and reasonable is for everybody to do what they can,
18912 It's all really strange. If you look at the numbers and data, it makes no sense,
18913 Misperceptions and biases against immigrants can interact and reinforce each other,
18914 More generally, it is affecting tourism, travel and conferences, Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), international trade, food and nutrition, and poverty reduction
18915 more to come in the next few months,
18916 Our current research suggests it could be exactly the opposite.
18917 The prize will be to become the operating system of the next era of tech,
18918 The virus is going to cost all of us something,
18919 It makes childcare free for parents.
18920 This is the richest country, yes, but it's also a low-saving country,
18921 Victor and Emeke were key players during the merger of Standard Trust Bank and UBA and have been valuable contributors to the growth of the bank. We wish them well,
18922 We are grateful for Andre's contributions to our team, our franchise and the City of Detroit,
18923 While we have no way to fully assess at this moment the extent of the budget deficit we will need to fill, we expect to receive in the coming weeks updated guidance from the University that will help us plan for the budget that begins on July 1
18924 a more positive approach to the impacts of immigration on communities and services at a local level -- by promoting integration and channelling funding to areas where there are pressures resulting from population growth.
18925 Since President Trump's arrival, we've felt a considerable distance with dear America,
18926 So, it is not a local issue, it's a global issue. The reality is now we are observing the dark side of globalization. The problem is global, but we do not have global solution. Now is the time of cooperation, not to start new quarrels and fight against access of one nation to medical supplies. We are all in the same boat, as they say.
18927 The Carbon Price Support provides a clear signal to our neighbours of its efficacy at reducing CO2 emissions.
18928 The idea of social distancing is really taking hold,
18929 The Monument to Russian President Vladimir Putin,
18930 There are covers, peel and stick covers, that go over the N95 respirator,
18931 There's real concern that the response to this would be to just throw up our arms
18932 This can certainly work, at least to a certain extent,
18933 We are turning the tables and making women the decision-makers of investable money in Africa. We want women to be on the supply side of money, not only on the demand side,
18934 We arrived at [ San Francisco International ] on March 20 from Spain. We did receive a medical check in the jetway before being allowed into the airport.
18935 We know there are many people who want to be with their families and loved ones during this difficult time,
18936 With rates falling sharply in recent weeks, especially since the coronavirus scare, the gap between posted and contract mortgage rates has widened even more than what was already evident in the past two years,
18937 Added to this, many young people will also have progressed on to A-Levels or into jobs and may not be able to return to school and who will be available to do the marking of all these tests, in the middle of a busy academic year?
18938 That is the critical preparation, so you cannot just rebalance but take advantage of the liquidation. Rebalancing is critically important and goes to the maintenance of your long-term risk appetite.
18939 The collapse in commodity prices is bigger, the recession in the developed world is worse and the debt levels in the emerging world have risen largely since the financial crisis because interest rates have been so low.
18940 The shock nature of this GDP print highlights just how urgent an exercise that is, and how there is no room to get it wrong.
18941 Agricultural production is seasonal by nature, so for a lot of foods or commodities, it's produced in the summer or certain times of year and then stored,
18942 expanding the role of the ESM
18943 Home ownership has become a devouring monster
18944 QE and forward guidance should be part of the standard toolkit going forward,
18945 can largely compensate for the effects of the lower bound,
18946 The first lesson of economics,
18947 The most stable aspects of their lives are the 10 and a half hours they spend in our programs,
18948 Their (students) engagement level surprised me how interested they were with the good questions they had and the ability to tie what I was teaching them back to what they were experiencing in their lives,
18949 We are a big technology hub,
18950 What can I say, I have a boisterous character. Whether it's up or down, I react.
18951 For today, I'm sitting here still watching the market, still conveying my opinion to customers,
18952 When this started, the private sector basically shut the economy down before Trump told them to,
18953 While it is true that there is some correlation between test scores and college grades, careful analyses reveal that high school grades are still the best predictors of college success, with test scores adding only marginally to a predictive model that takes into account high school grades.
18954 A presumption is being made that they were protesters who wanted to hide their faces. It is not the case. Even policemen were wearing handkerchiefs because of the same reason,
18955 a severe blow to world commerce,
18956 At present, the operation of China's financial market is generally stable, market expectations are relatively stable, and the space for macro policies and tool reserves are sufficient,
18957 The idea that the specter of slavery still determines the character of life among African Americans is an affront to me,
18958 Twitter has undergone remarkable change over the last several years. We are deeply proud of our accomplishments and confident we are on the right path with Jack's leadership and the executive team,
18959 Embers got into a hollow limb high up in the canopy but fortunately did not get going
18960 Hey, look, I could do this commute three days a week. But not five.
18961 All firms I have spoken to have canceled training, new product introductions and R&D projects, while at U.S. universities and laboratories unless you are working on COVID-19 you have stopped work. So innovation -- the main driver of long-run U.S. growth -- has stopped.
18962 In the event that the games are postponed the obviously there would be some degree of negative impact to Japanese economic growth in fiscal [ year 2020 ],
18963 It has been starved for too long.
18964 Nina brings tremendous commercial and strategic experience and will play a crucial role as part of the newly-formed Future Partnership Executive team.
18965 The word we should use is transition,
18966 there is a case for a government stake in Qantas in particular
18967 These practices are intertwined and should be studied in the context of the Malaysian agricultural industry to ensure that the best practices are implemented here, for the benefit of our farmers and Malaysians as a whole,
18968 ID2020... if applied, would roll out the contours of what some analysts have described as a Global Police State encompassing through vaccination the personal details of several billion people worldwide.
18969 It's very clear the economy is going to be stalled,
18970 one of the most successful recent international innovations
18971 Six thousand media credentialed for the Super Bowl, many of which are going to be here from around the world,
18972 This will be my 21st,
18973 were proven right to have accommodative policies
18974 a moderate form of social distancing,
18975 Focus on the company management. Good managers in a bad business are better than bad managers in a good business. An investor should chase the story behind his investment, not the money on the table. Money can make you rich, but the story can make you wealthy,
18976 Global recession is not likely, but I am convinced that a continuation of current slowdown is likely. There could be an escalation of tensions in Iran. Even though trade war risks have reduced, the rivalry between the US and China will stay with us. The idea that there will be a cold war between these two in the next decade is getting widespread,
18977 Relentless population pressures have meant that most Indian farms are too small to provide viable incomes. It needs to be recognised that growth and employment opportunities outside agriculture are critical for long-term improvements in farmers' incomes,
18978 After finally taking action following much dither and delay, it would be a backwards step for the Government to pass Northern's services straight back into private hands.
18979 These companies are good companies. Occidental, Hewlett-Packard... there are companies that should be bought. On the other hand, there are many very overpriced companies with very high multiples and too much debt on them and those should be sold,
18980 We anticipate that consumer spending, spurred by rising wages and household wealth, will remain strong,
18981 If you put rocket fuel in a really nice car, you're going to blow up that car,
18982 It was chaos, carnage,
18983 One of the bonds has a hangar as security, who needs a hangar today? And the others, with security in slots at Gatwick, they don't have much value today either,
18984 Such restructuring can be welcome if it helps the system to cope with the shock. At the same time, the European Commission and EU member states are aware that in such a situation, strategic assets need to be protected,
18985 We are at a dead end, and this is the way out,
18986 But, for such talent to be won in the medium term, the gap in quality between China's civilian and military universities needs to be narrowed in the short term. Military-civil fusion, a policy promoted by General Secretary Xi Jinping, will help relatively PLA scientists leverage expertise from China's growing cadre of civilian researchers through more frequent research collaborations. Whether or not that leads to China's top scientific talent going to the PLA's best engineering universities remains to be seen,
18987 Earnings projections will come down. The fear of the virus alone could hurt consumer confidence in the U.S.
18988 Furthermore, public exposure can limit support for unpopular, but just, causes. Laws requiring disclosure were used to intimidate opponents of Jim Crow in the American South, for example. Whether people like it or not, there is a free speech issue involved.
18989 Softening consumer spending momentum means the main pillar of U.S. activity is eroding,
18990 In all countries where productivity is relatively low, we find that people work longer hours on average,
18991 makes a small plein air landscape painting each day in the Vermont woods.
18992 potential to be a modest blip later in the year,
18993 The new bundle provides unrivalled visibility on cost of ownership for every fleet vehicle and a significantly reduced administrative burden associated with electric alternatives.
18994 The results imply that human well-being's curved shape is not uniquely human and that, although it may be partly explained by aspects of human life and society, its origins may lie partly in the biology we share with great apes,
18995 According to Ruggles, the prevalence of extended families living together roughly doubled from 1750 to 1900, and this way of life was more common than at any time before or since,
18996 Enemy of communal harmony and fraternity are stoking religious sentiments to cover up own blunders. Most Indian media houses are lighting the fire of enmity and hatred. Instead, let's fight corona and more importantly starvation crisis in India unitedly without giving it a communal angle, specifically relating it to Tablighi Jamaat, Muslims or other religious groups,
18997 Futures markets indicate that oil prices will remain below $45/b through 2023, some 25% lower than the 2019 average price, reflecting persistently weak demand,
18998 Healthcare staff is equivalent to ours soldiers in the Yom Kippur war,
18999 I look forward to meeting with the commission to resolve this matter,
19000 It's about our right to our city... There is no magic solution to avoid a clash. The only way to beat Amazon is to build a fighting movement.
19001 In one case, the tenant was evicted for owning $10.
19002 Before the concentration camps and the death camps, the Nazis enacted the Nuremberg Laws including the Reich Citizenship Law, which redefined German citizenship to exclude Jewish people. The result was the isolation of Jewish communities, making them an increasingly easy target for scapegoating. The CAA and NRC have ominous echoes
19003 Have you been laid off during this pandemic? Lost wages due to stay-at-home orders? Were you unable to pay April rent or mortgage? What about May -- is that looking impossible?
19004 My mother was the mayor's secretary of Gulfport back in the 60s and 70s, Billy Meadows,
19005 person to person contact within Northern Ireland
19006 In light of the increasing number of cases in China and using existing and widely tested models, the four UK chief medical officers consider it prudent for our governments to escalate planning and preparation in case of a more widespread outbreak.
19007 In an enclosed environment, in close proximity to individuals, they may be at even greater risk,
19008 It can take up to around three weeks to succumb to infection from initial exposure, so whatever numbers of deaths we have, they can tell us how many cases in total we had three weeks ago,
19009 The writing is on the wall... Italy will not be able to respond to the crisis in the same way that other countries can. It is at risk of an economic depression on top of a humanitarian catastrophe,
19010 This shows the magnitude and the seriousness of this problem,
19011 ancient as a rotary phone.
19012 Inflation is a form of sovereign default. Paying off bonds with currency that is worth half as much as it used to be is like defaulting on half of the debt.
19013 Instead of proposing tax policies that actually lead to reducing carbon, we get just the opposite. Why is that?
19014 This EPA rule was developed after an explosion leveled the town of West, Texas and killed 15 people in 2013. The Chemical Safety Board investigated the incident and determined that different ways of handling the chemicals could have prevented the accident from happening in the first place.
19015 The idea that we were leading a 12-nation group for trading, we were the leader [ of ] 40% of the world's trade; China on the outside looking in, and why we walked away from that agreement, I'm not sure.
19016 That's the Chief of Staff of our EPA Administrator.
19017 Fifty years ago, Republican President Richard Nixon signed the landmark National Environmental Policy Act into law,
19018 DOT has recently done so. However, this document is reportedly essentially identical to the draft preamble document that was submitted to OMB in January, except this new document is titled `Regulatory Impact Analysis' . DOT has also appeared to delete all 111 instances of the phrase `text forthcoming' from the draft final preamble without actually adding any new forthcoming text, and have submitted this `new' draft final preamble document to the docket as well. However, DOT has failed to incorporate any of EPA's technical feedback.
19019 It's a wise idea for politicians to avoid ethnic and religious issues.
19020 The weight we put mentally depends on many characteristics of those people: how poor they are, how hard they work, etc.
19021 We need this at local and federal levels. And we need to make the government force insurance companies to include this pandemic as a triggering event under their business interruption policies.
19022 The acquisition of PCM is a natural fit with our existing business and adds expertise and professional resources that will enhance our ability to provide the highest level of investment management capabilities to our clients,
19023 There is no gate or fence. This is going to be a place for the public and for human interaction. There are more than 1,000 people at Portside, and then the community at large will be able to be involved too. I think the synergy is going to be great when it is all finished. This will have a great communal focus.
19024 We will see a broader rally from here on. The green shoots will be a good monsoon and a pick-up in rural demand,
19025 Where appropriate, we also advocate options strategies to increase exposure to U.S. equities.
19026 When you're already on a fixed or limited income, the thought of `Oh my goodness, how much is this going to cost me?' A lot of times people come in and say, `It was going to cost me $1,400. I can't afford that,
19027 A peaceful revolution that lasted for over five, six months. Very resilient. Every time we thought it's dying, it surprises, it's taking more momentum. So that gives us not only hope but also certainty that Sudan will never be the same again,
19028 Peace is a priority and will not be ignored,
19029 Before long, some balance will have to be struck.
19030 However, severe damage is being done to the economy, future incomes, unemployment rates, levels of national debt and the freedoms we enjoy as a modern society. Before long, some balance will have to be struck.
19031 Companies are subsidizing demand in order to create habits, but eventually they're going to have to raise prices because they're not making any money.
19032 cost and nutritional value still rank higher in consumers' decision-making
19033 With agriculture you can't postpone seasons. COVID has its own agenda which may force industries to halt activities - including fisheries.
19034 It's always difficult to judge given the circumstances as we're all trying to cope with something new and scary.
19035 Even if today in Munich the skies may be gray, it doesn't mean that the future of Germany is dark,
19036 also stepping forward with important contributions.
19037 This provides grants to our poorest and most vulnerable members to cover their IMF debt obligations for an initial phase over the next six months
19038 After a synchronised slowdown in 2019, we expect a moderate pick-up in global growth this year and next,
19039 sizable [ sic ] rebound.
19040 Unfortunately we have moved into the territory of the more dire scenarios,
19041 It is still too early to make projections,
19042 Progressive taxation is a key component of effective fiscal policy,
19043 We will get through this crisis together. Together we will lay the ground for a faster and stronger recovery.
19044 It is now clear that we have entered a recession -- as bad as or worse than in 2009,
19045 bad or worse than the global financial crisis in 2009.
19046 China today has a bigger share of the world economy than during the SARS outbreak. Now it's 19 percent. This is not good news for the world,
19047 As the virus spreads, the case for a coordinated and synchronized global fiscal stimulus is becoming stronger by the hour.
19048 In the last two months, portfolio outflows from emerging markets were about US $100 billion, more than three times larger than for the same period of the global financial crisis. Commodity exporters are taking a double blow from the collapse in commodity prices and remittances, the lifeblood of so many poor people, are expected to dwindle,
19049 much-needed economic and structural reforms aimed at fostering strong and sustainable growth
19050 how far it will fall and how long the impact will be is still difficult to predict,
19051 The CCRT can currently provide about $500 million in grant-based debt service relief, including the recent $185 million pledge by the UK and $100 million provided by Japan as immediately available resources. Others, including China and the Netherlands, are also stepping forward with important contributions. I urge other donors to help us replenish the Trust's resources and boost further our ability to provide additional debt service relief for a full two years to our poorest member countries.
19052 So, there is a lot more work to do,
19053 Just three months ago, we expected positive per capita income growth in over 160 of our member countries in 2020. Today, that number has been turned on its head: we now project that over 170 countries will experience negative per capita income growth this year,
19054 avoid a scarring of the economy
19055 I am particularly concerned about our low-income and more vulnerable members,
19056 But we are not excluding that it might turn to be a different scenario,
19057 To support jobs and firms, governments may need to take ownership stakes in strategically important firms. To avert a financial crisis, they may need to recapitalise banks and absorb non-performing assets.
19058 How can we make capital flows safer for emerging-market economies? Finding the right response to that question is critical for financial stability, growth and jobs,
19059 There was indeed a slowdown in the short term and then a rebound, I think, in economic growth over the course of the whole year. It was as if it kind of evened up. Would that be the case now? It is very hard to predict.
19060 These are extraordinary circumstances. Many countries are already taking unprecedented measures. We at the IMF, working with all our member countries, will do the same,
19061 They come in addition to -- not as a substitute for -- health spending, and aim to provide targeted support to most-affected households and firms, including cash transfers, wage subsidies, and short-time work, strengthening unemployment benefits and social safety nets, and limiting the rise in borrowing costs.
19062 For a protest, opposition unity is important as protest becomes easier,
19063 Before we protest, I believe it is critical that we understand exactly what it is that we're protesting against. The logic of protest must be founded not on quarrels or arguments, but on the creative power of dialectics.
19064 Opposition unity is important for any kind of protest. Protest becomes easier then,
19065 Bharater Meyera: Ajker Chalchitra, Ajker Karanio,
19066 He (Habib) made some nasty cracks. Nasty cracks he made because he is a crackpot.
19067 In order to preserve the country's heritage and culture, it is important to see that India remains a Hindu majority country,
19068 Air India disinvestment process restarts today https://thehindubusinessline.com/economy/logistics/air-india-disinvestment-government-to-sell-100-stake-issues-bid-document/article30662876.ece: THIS DEAL IS WHOLLY ANTI NATIONAL and IWILL FORCED TO GO TO COURT. WE cannot SELL OUR FAMILY SILVER.
19069 Nehru had a peculiar disease. He used to feel jealous of others. He was jealous of Dr. BR Ambedkar because he went to Columbia and got a Ph.D.,
19070 This doesn't mean that only Hindus can be Prime Ministers. Hindus in this country have never said that. Furthermore, we say that all religions lead to God. Which other religion says that apart from Hinduism?
19071 Many countries do not want to change their religious composition. Hungary has recently announced that they will only allow Christian refugees. Poland is already doing it,
19072 If the virus can be defeated in the next few months, its impact on the world economy and the euro zone economy will be very limited and measured in tenths of a percent,
19073 One continuing source of uncertainty, despite recent progress, is the trade and technology dispute between the US and China, which has affected international trade flows and investment,
19074 As the virus has spread, countries have restricted the movement of people across borders and have implemented social distancing measures, including restricting movements within countries and within cities,
19075 My judgement is that if the Reserve Bank had not eased monetary policy last year, (the) adjustment by households would have been harder.
19076 the capacity to bounce back and have stimulus measures is not as great
19077 We have experienced a troubling decline in productivity growth. While the reasons for this are complex, it is hard to escape the conclusion that higher levels of investment spending would promote productivity growth and our collective living standards,
19078 I think it is quite likely that the international spillovers will be larger than they were back in 2003 with SARS.
19079 Given the evolving situation, it is difficult to predict how large and long-lasting the effect will be. Once the coronavirus is contained, the Australian economy is expected to return to an improving trend.
19080 expecting progress to be made towards the inflation target and full employment
19081 The merger will form a leading Tier-1 Nigerian bank and the largest bank in Africa by number of customers, spanning three continents, 12 countries and 29 million clients. It will bring together treasury, risk management and corporate banking expertise with strong retail and digital banking capabilities to create a financial institution operating across the full suite of products for all customer segments,
19082 an adjusted book basis.
19083 We should be owning the ethical and environmental agenda. I think in 2020 the partnership values are more important than ever. More than ten years since the financial crisis and as a country we are still asking: is business doing its role to create a good society, good jobs and decent pay?
19084 We urge an immediate return to the 2018 ceasefire,
19085 this would depend on the Taliban continuing to reduce violence,
19086 we have no reason not to believe the reports we have seen from different allied capitals
19087 We all understand that's a long way and will be a difficult process, with a lot of uncertainties and possible setbacks and surprises.
19088 violate the INF treaty.
19089 We have to be prepared for setbacks, spoilers, there is no easy way to peace but this is an important first step,
19090 Lots of strength, Boris, and get well soon!
19091 We would welcome any step that can lead to the reduction of violence,
19092 I call on Iran to fully participate and contribute to a transparent and thorough investigation.
19093 We have seen indiscriminate shelling of also civilian targets, and we condemn this because we condemn indiscriminate attacks against civilians,
19094 important step which will make the circulation of people and goods easier and faster within the Western Balkans region,
19095 Our sacrifice has been immense,
19096 No other ally has suffered more terrorist attacks than Turkey.
19097 you need to adjust the supply chains in order to get the goods out to make the products that the whole world economy is operating on,
19098 Global Practices are at the center of what we're trying to do and will remain that way,
19099 We are working to provide a fast, flexible response based on developing country needs in dealing with the spread of COVID-19,
19100 I think there needs to be lots more experience and evaluation of the concepts of financial insurance.
19101 Chandrapur is already facing a space crunch for tigers. Given the non-committal approach of the irrigation department about either shifting the project upstream or adhering to mitigation measures suggested by NTCA, the CM directing authorities to revisit the proposal is wonderful news. Hope this spirit gets applied in other projects as well where wildlife generally ends up paying the price of development,
19102 Frequent changing of the mask, mask free time in between if possible may be practised to prevent these dermatological adverse effects,
19103 I am excited and honored to have been invited to join StorCentric's board as an advisor,
19104 The consultations so far have revealed how strongly all stakeholders feel about the need for radical reforms in the water sector and the incredible consensus that seems to be emerging around the broad contours of this reform towards greater democratisation, multi-disciplinarity and the need to break down silos into which we have divided water,
19105 It made real sense because ASP was doing about 90% plumbing and 10% heating and Summit was doing just the opposite. They were doing 90% heating, ventilating, air conditioning, 10% plumbing so it just made sense to join together because they both had licensed plumbers and licensed technicians so it made it much more efficient,
19106 Sadly we just don't have enough tests to do that right now,
19107 This is the kind of thing that [ means ] you just can't stop people using bitcoin,
19108 This is Louis XVI, I believe, living off the labor of the peasants,
19109 We need to guard against voter apathy as we sign up such alliances, however. If we get a true majority, it will require such a coalition. We need to be more futuristic about the nature of such an alliance, one that focuses on making a contribution, not just being about the individual.
19110 We demand here and today that they -- and the Chief Electoral Officer and all officers -- resign immediately and leave office,
19111 With this alliance Malawians from all concerns of the country will be united and pull their strength and aspirations together,
19112 Why did Iran not stop flights to China? There is a rational explanation -- China is one of the last countries buying their oil. They need to maintain the economic link,
19113 Talking about coronavirus could soon be considered troubling for public opinion, undermining public security and insulting the president!
19114 A 22-year-old would also say, `Don't blow this. '
19115 We welcome their ideas. I think we've just got to figure out what is the right balanced approach to invest in communities to create real peace and safety.
19116 I think that the odds of a global recession are close to 100 per cent right now,
19117 You are going to see a lot more news stories like the one we are seeing now
19118 major international campaign to rewrite the history of the coronavirus
19119 That's why that is getting beat up the worst.
19120 We did three cuts and right now they are working their way through the economy,
19121 I think this is going to be a short-time hit; we'll get the economy back to its usual level,
19122 We know from past experience that child, forced and bonded labor increases during times of economic hardship,
19123 We would be delighted to have you personally and COMESA as an organization to join us in September for this important event,
19124 We'd rather be critiqued for doing too much too soon than too little too late,
19125 Throughout the remainder of this term, our faculty and staff will do everything they can to stay connected with you,
19126 One thing you won't hear from me is `goodbye.' Because while we may have temporarily gone our separate ways, our journey together continues.
19127 All other things equal, it certainly boosts buying power,
19128 but the information that they're requiring for this election is unfortunately a very weak system.
19129 But you can't tell the store cashier to work from home. You can't tell the food service worker to work from home,
19130 Consistent with their declared `symmetric' inflation targets, the Federal Reserve and other central banks should defend against inflation that is too low as least as vigorously as they resist inflation that is modestly too high.
19131 This is a very different animal than the Great Depression,
19132 I explicitly deny, absolutely, any semblance of criminality. Obviously the leak that was given to a single newspaper was designed to put things in that direction.
19133 I was trying to comfort someone.
19134 no sign she took any exception
19135 It's going to be something like that, not something we can see in the immediate future.
19136 People like to go where they have a sentimental attachment,
19137 The COVID-19 pan, demic has hit small businesses everywhere,
19138 When you have a death, the world doesn't give you permission to be happy,
19139 Right away we went to the WHO and said to them, `You tell us. Whatever you think is imminent harm comes down.' We're relying on third-party experts.
19140 They don't hand the reins of their educations or careers to someone else -- but they wait for their boyfriends to make this huge decision for them,
19141 London is home to Facebook's biggest engineering hub outside the US and we're committed to investing here for the long-term,
19142 Hunger touches every community in the U.S., and it can be particularly hard on families during emergency situations,
19143 This affects not only the currency exposure, but also the type of firms in Europe that the US invests in.
19144 What Sen. Warren says with respect to real wages is frequently said by political leaders, but it is incorrect,
19145 As a mother, I cannot imagine the indescribable grief Jacob Marberger's parents must be going through; my heart aches for them,
19146 Even if (the) death rate is low, it will be because containment has been effective, and that will adversely affect aggregate supply and demand,
19147 has been a gift to nativist nationalists and protectionists.
19148 highlighted the downsides of extensive international integration while fanning fears of foreigners and providing legitimacy for national restrictions on global trade and flows of people.
19149 I think there will be a rethinking on another level,
19150 If I was scared, I wouldn't post half the tweets I do. Ask anyone who has been to any of my speeches or public gatherings in the past 3 years, and they'll recognize that joke.
19151 @PeteButtigieg started STRONG -- but tough questions about race made him slide off the pavement.
19152 We have a 50-year-unemployment low among Latino Americans. It's been a quarter-century before we've had this low unemployment among 18-to-29-year olds.
19153 Immigration, while a sensitive topic, has been a key part of work force growth in the United States,
19154 Mr. President, why don't you launch the biggest infrastructure program of all time now?
19155 By Wednesday, March 18th at 12:30 p.m., when I appeared on CNBC, we had already sold slightly more than half of the notional amount of our CDS, realizing a gain of more than $1.3 billion, with the unrealized portion of our hedge having a market value at that time of $1.3 billion for a total of $2.6 billion,
19156 Our hedge had already paid off prior to my going on CNBC,
19157 Truthfully, we see the viral count as a sideshow at this point, and the market's main attraction being credit conditions and the ability of the Fed and global central banks to get in front of these deteriorating conditions,
19158 This crisis has highlighted even more the need for working closely together and supporting each other through right amount of financing and right amount of technical assistance.
19159 This health crisis will have a significant economic fallout, reflecting shocks to supply and demand different from past crises,
19160 Countries urgently need to work together to slow the spread of the virus and to develop a vaccine and therapies to counter the disease. Until such medical interventions become available, no country is safe from the pandemic (including a recurrence after the initial wave subsides) as long as transmission occurs elsewhere.
19161 Emerging market and developing economies face additional challenges with unprecedented reversals in capital flows as global risk appetite wanes, and currency pressures, while coping with weaker health systems, and more limited fiscal space to provide support,
19162 debt moratoria and restructuring may need to be considered,
19163 global GDP would fall even further: an additional 3 percent in 2020 if the pandemic is more protracted this year, while, if the pandemic continues into 2021, it may fall next year by an additional 8 percent compared to our baseline scenario.
19164 Trading under the African Continental Free Trade Agreement, which represents a market of more than 1.3 billion people and a gross domestic product of $2.5 trillion was the world's largest free trade area since establishment of the World Trade Organisation.
19165 I am 100% confident that due process and transparency, based on facts and evidence, will indicate that these are all nothing more than spurious and unfounded allegations.
19166 We do not consider that these concerns can be adequately mitigated. As such we urge the bank not to proceed with financing this project, but to seek opportunities instead to finance genuine renewable infrastructure to help meet the region's energy needs in a clean and rights-compatible manner in the decades to come,
19167 We are not going to deal with climate change by talking about it.
19168 Victor joined the Bank two and half years ago, and has provided exceptional leadership on communication. He has led an outstanding team,
19169 For all of humanity's history, people have wanted to live longer, and to choose where they can live,
19170 If you think about it today, we are so removed from where we get our electricity, our gas, everything to do with energy.
19171 It is so important that we celebrate and reward faculty excellence, and that we continue to build a culture of appreciation on our campus,
19172 Let it be clear to all e-commerce companies in India and to all those who have somehow misinterpreted or misunderstood the #MHA guidelines. Delivery of only and only essential goods has been permitted even after 20th April. There is absolutely no confusion whatsoever.
19173 Once the genie's out of the bottle, which is digitisation, we have to move in that direction. We can't stop.
19174 The decision to not join RCEP was very unfortunate. The government said we must `Act East' . Refusing to join RCEP is not Acting East, it is sitting on the shore and saying, no, thank you very much,
19175 it was the best put-down I have heard about the much-vaunted permanency of the civil service by someone who was at the very top of the heap.
19176 This is totally unreflective of the views of the vast majority of Town Close residents and TC cllrs are appalled by this. We will keep up our positive community action and will never let any form of hate speech go unchallenged.
19177 We'd love to do more. We would love to (test) people who don't have symptoms. Unfortunately, we're limited by supplies and lab capacity.
19178 Up to 80 per cent of coal assets will be stranded, (and) up to half of developed oil reserves. A question for every company, every financial institution, every asset manager, pension fund or insurer: what's your plan?
19179 Financial policymakers will not drive the transition to a low-carbon economy,
19180 the risks are tilted much more to the downside
19181 beyond the containment phase to the delay phase
19182 last more than twice as long
19183 collective response will be both powerful and timely
19184 It is therefore important that firms, and other stakeholders such as the bank, continue to develop innovative approaches to measure climate-related risks before it is too late to ensure resilience to them,
19185 In the last decade, EMEs have become much larger and ever more connected to the global financial system. Having a representative range of views on financial market and monetary matters will benefit the citizens of EMEs and advanced economies alike,
19186 We are going to experience a sharp collapse in output for one month. We have to spend 2 per cent on medical side which is slightly underestimated... For one month output loss even if we make up one third of output loss by social cushioning or propping up financial system, still it would be 3 per cent of GDP. So, the number we came up with Rs 10 lakh crore (Centre and states combined) or 5 per cent of the GDP,
19187 As concerns about the veracity of India's GDP growth rates may generate substantial concerns not only to investors but also to policymakers, this issue warrants a careful examination.
19188 We are still awaiting the truly cold winter weather we know will plunge the NHS into further problems.
19189 We must be very careful because it will affect our economy,
19190 advance payment of (at least) three months' pension should be made immediately, to help widows and the elderly who are the most vulnerable in this crisis.
19191 One of them is that no one should be allowed to starve.
19192 He has continued to email my office since the investigation and also since being charged with the offence.
19193 It was great to see the pink machine as a focus for the MEC Groundworks summer party,
19194 She was a huge part of that and Montana State University is lucky to have her.
19195 So I had to get through the ceremony and make my speech, and got out of there as quick as I could.
19196 The game-changer we are witnessing in the role of business in society is that we see how essential the role of government is,
19197 The lack of safe cycling infrastructure in Dublin city is the single biggest barrier to increasing the mode share of cyclists,
19198 an encouraging and, frankly, warm discussion.
19199 increasing participation is the cornerstone of this policy
19200 The service providers posted the largest gain since April, driven mainly by professional and business services. Job creation was strong across companies of all sizes, led predominantly by midsized companies.
19201 not be a v-shaped recovery; maybe a Nike swoosh-shaped recovery.
19202 Retail will start getting hit. The declines in the stock market are big enough and deep enough that people are going to start pulling back on spending, particularly Baby Boomers,
19203 Businesses are going to be focused on what's going to happen on the other side of the election
19204 all these folks who've seen their nest egg wiped out. They thought they were set for retirement and they're not. They'll go into panic mode.
19205 The broader this coronavirus issue becomes, it starts to add more uncertainty to companies operating in China from a manufacturing and demand perspective,
19206 The only way to avoid a recession would be a quick and very aggressive fiscal policy response by the Trump administration,
19207 The Bureau of Labor Statistics may understate the case,
19208 The United States' only option for precluding this nightmare is to bring down the hammer on the Kim regime before its capabilities expand even further.
19209 would not have chosen.
19210 We want these to be penalties that the company sits up and takes notice of.
19211 The economy will be assisted by sensible but clearly temporary immediate measures, and the ACCC will play a role in this. Recovery will be greatly assisted by the current competitive structure of the economy being maintained, and work continuing to be done on important economic reforms.
19212 It's vital that we devote considerable resources to these issues given their dominance in all our lives and their effect on economic activity,
19213 It is important that these short-term measures do not give rise to long-term structural damage to competition, market concentration or long-term arrangements that make it more difficult for businesses to enter and compete into the future,
19214 As the NBN rollout concludes, we will continue to help ensure Australians benefit from this investment,
19215 It is clear that NBN Co's temporary boost in network capacity which allows RSPs to increase their capacity on the network by up to 40 per cent at no extra cost for three months is underpinning these encouraging results,
19216 We still expect service providers to take reasonable steps to check the capability of NBN connections where consumers look to upgrade as some are doing during this period.
19217 These authorisations will help ensure that hospitals and health authorities in Victoria and Queensland can take necessary steps to provide co-ordinated and consistent care for what may be a significant rise in patients.
19218 We want to harness the power of artificial intelligence not for the purpose of creating models of human behavior, but instead to improve technology to benefit people,
19219 Bored c'm on you know LG x.
19220 Apparently Twitter ban accounts who say the c word Liam, do you reckon they'll try and ban you?
19221 I was honored to perform at the legendary showcase that is MTV Unplugged,
19222 his appearance on the main stage this summer will no doubt be BIBLICAL
19223 then go back to our amazing solo careers
19224 As we were LG x.
19225 From old and young, large and small, Ivy league universities; HBCUs; premier research schools, prestigious liberal arts colleges, regional educational pillars, state universities, community colleges, etc.
19226 you have to rely on trained, stable systems and not ad-hoc forces to rise to the occasion.
19227 If you're doing potentially hundreds of thousands or millions of trades, even a small amount of profitability per trade turns out to be a big amount.
19228 In order to ensure that medical organizations are ready to receive patients with a new coronavirus infection, 5.2 bln rubles was allocated from the reserve fund of the Government for the purchase of 1,200 ambulances for the needs of the Russian regions,
19229 restoring trust between authorities and the business,
19230 Once the Chinese have their act together, I think that may serve as a source of inspiration for a lot of other nations,
19231 Seventy percent of American households, and particularly the most vulnerable, will gain under this plan,
19232 In most developed countries, interest rates are really low -- and they are very low in the United States, but higher than they are in most other developed economies. And the Fed does have some scope -- it's not a cure-all. But it will provide a little bit of support to consumer spending and to the U.S. economy and for financial markets. And, of course, if it becomes very serious, fiscal policy could play a more active role, too.
19233 We have to adopt the technology to this ore.
19234 When we look at this in 20 years' time, it will be just a blip,
19235 after funding the Bengaluru and Bhopal metro projects in the past, we are now providing finance to Pune Metro, which is the largest one so far in the transport space. Given the country's commitment to develop infrastructure and environment protection, India becomes our natural partner.
19236 But gains will be incremental; sentiment can't rise a lot further from here.
19237 If you step back and look at the trend, it's about 2%, and the coronavirus notwithstanding, I can't see any reason why it wouldn't continue,
19238 The UK has abandoned its previous policy of allowing the disease to spread in the hope of creating herd immunity. This was always a crazy idea, and the UK is headed towards restrictions just as aggressive as in other parts of Europe,
19239 These numbers don't matter; they capture only the leading edge of the virus hit.
19240 Firms appear to have met demand by running down inventory, but that can't go on forever.
19241 Activity just came to a sudden halt,
19242 We expect a bigger fall in April, which should be the floor if restrictions begin to ease in early May in some states and across the whole country by the end of the month.
19243 surveys predated many coronavirus-related business and school closures,
19244 Close to 25 trillion (rupiah).
19245 I am pushing as hard as I've always pushed. And they're pushing just as hard as they've always pushed against me. I was arrested in Madrid last summer. At the Helsinki summit between Trump and Putin, Putin asked for me to be handed over by Trump. There were these `plumbers' in Davos...
19246 Part of the volatility on Thursday was a reluctance by traders to take sides ahead of the number.
19247 I'm not going to itemize what could cause us to move earlier or not move earlier at this stage.
19248 The fact is, the fundamental demand for housing appears to be outpacing our ability to build new homes, which can put renewed upward pressure on prices,
19249 These actions are meant to buttress (business and consumer) confidence and get us a bridge across the trouble.
19250 politicized law enforcement and the judiciary, trampled on the free press, treated political opponents as traitors and mortal enemies, and meddled with the fairness of elections.
19251 We'd be happy if we cover our costs initially,
19252 When Sammy was supporting Pakistan cricket, he didn't do this for obtaining citizenship. This is our recognition for his services,
19253 Why helicopters were off Beach Drive: `Sailing' sea lion
19254 absolutely shocked and dumbfounded by Arupjyoti's ordeal
19255 The fact that Indian independence came on the agenda of the Labour Party in the later 30s and continued thereafter was entirely Menon's contribution,
19256 explain the rules and also so the contestants had someone to talk to in-person.
19257 facilitate effective, timely and coordinated United Nations system-wide actions supporting and contributing to the implementation of the Migration management concept and commitments under Global Compact on Migration
19258 In Italy, for example, all retail stores except drug stores and grocery stores are closed, hotel occupancy is at a small fraction of occupancy and some factories have closed temporarily while many others are operating below normal levels because workers are resisting going to work out of fear of getting sick.
19259 The lockdown keeps people at home which is not necessarily that pristine isolated place, but can also be a slum where people live together,
19260 Part of the magic of central banking is to pretend you have a bazooka behind your back.
19261 The state and Center have to come together to figure out quickly some combination of public and NGO provision (of food, healthcare, and sometimes shelter), private participation (voluntary moratoria on debt payments and a community-enforced ban on evictions during the next few months), and direct benefit transfers that will allow needy households to see through the next few months,
19262 We have moved from extreme confidence in markets to extreme panic, all in the space of one week,
19263 The longer they can hold out before taking drastic action, the better off they will be.
19264 The national year-on-year in   ation rate was 7.9% in December 2019,.3 percentage points lower than the 8.2% recorded in November 2019. Month-on-month in   ation between November 2019 and December 2019 was.3%. Alcoholic Beverages, Tobacco & Narcotics (13.5%), Transport (11.0%), and Housing (10.5%) were the Divisions with the highest rates of in   ation. Due to its relative importance in consumption, Food is the main driver of in   ation in Ghana, but less than last month
19265 Wash our hands, all the simple things.
19266 the Devils need to move in a new direction and that this change is in the best interest of the team.
19267 This is an extraordinary time in our world -- unlike any many of us have ever lived through before -- and ordinary business decisions are not enough to meet the moment,
19268 After fielding questions and talking to as many guys as I could, and formulating my own opionions, I felt like this deal was going to be in the best benefit for the majority of the league, and especially our locker room,
19269 Well, if the Fed has missed its inflation target, why would anyone have any confidence on level targeting?
19270 economists have not shown themselves in a very good light
19271 I sincerely understand the plight faced by most citizens. But it is important that we also contribute in ensuring that the virus does not spread by abiding to recommendations made by Government. We should also not lose sight that we are still in a drought situation. Government is doing its part to ensure that there is mealie-meal in the country. We should also shop responsibly by stopping to hoard products,
19272 Availability of power is expected to increase as more independent power producers (IPPs) come on line,
19273 We are aware that there are people who sell 10kg roller meal at $105 or plus which is increasing panic among people,
19274 In that case, you could actually have a pretty nice expansion of the economy.
19275 So it's going to be in to fossil fuel-endowed areas.
19276 the impact on the landscape... is going to be pretty dramatic as it was a very hot fire
19277 The risk of systemic problems in the financial system are smaller this time around and the location of the problem assets is on the buy-side, not on the sell-side,
19278 We're looking for whether people will be laid off, and if companies can roll over loans.
19279 To be a part of a team that was booing him off the field at one point, it was hard to hear. In his mind, I'm sure he doesn't have to show anybody anything. He's confident in the player and man that he is. But, I'm sure it would feel good to go to Miami and play in the Super Bowl down there.
19280 Without health, there is no economy, but without an economy, there will be no health,
19281 Open banking will enable consumers to face various bodies that would need to compete for them and could change the financial system,
19282 destroy [ ed ] about $500b in equity market value in course of an 11 minute speech.
19283 the Chinese economy had a great deal of positive momentum. In that sense, I do not think we should expect the kind of rapid recovery seen after that virus outbreak subsided.
19284 The intent should not be to trip people up. It should not be to create a system that is so impossible that you need to have a Ph.D. to figure out what's going on,
19285 What's notable is that no one is saying these are risks, that the market has to solve everything,
19286 are as close to monetary financing of the deficit as we have come,
19287 But being only debt-free is not important, growth should also accompany it. Debt is not all bad, if it comes with 10-20 per cent growth. I will prefer that instead of a business with zero debt and no growth,
19288 I don't understand why you think it's okay to do that to somebody.
19289 And the only time I had driven it was down the road after the show.
19290 I grew up in the Blue Mountains so it's really been in my community and family. I really wanted to make something special, so I put some banksias in from my uncle's property, which was burnt quite badly,
19291 The NHS, itself, puts great emphasis on the cost, in money and time, of missed appointments to over-burdened clinics. So, giving patients accessible information makes sense. More worryingly, as many sight loss conditions are progressive, any delays in treatment could mean unnecessary deterioration in sight,
19292 I'm delighted to be able to stay a part of this great squad for the next few years, and I believe we can bring further success to this club.
19293 The Son is Also a Star's
19294 The towers were crumbling and I'm going, `My scoop, my scoop! '
19295 This means that we should look at the numbers that come out [ Thursday ] as just the leading edge of the labor market impact of the coronavirus shock.
19296 We still have millions to go over the next couple of weeks,
19297 The lack of an increase in union membership points to the fact that there are still so many barriers to organizing,
19298 Ang private sector dahil sila ay may autonomy na mag-isip ng anong paraan para ma-achieve din ang goals nila... pero ang purpose ay ibalanse ang safety ng learners, containment of COVID-19, and hindi madisrupt ang buhay ng mga bata sa kanilang learning process,
19299 has been in direct communication with (Health) Secretary (Francisco Duque III) as well as the health officers in affected regions and communities visited by the confirmed patient since [ Jan. 30 ],
19300 But if you have an inventory shortage, it makes it more difficult for renters to become homeowners.
19301 If stimulus is rightly structured to help these companies and if a vaccine is discovered, then the housing demand will roar back,
19302 During the last recession, real estate was on wobbly ground with loose lending and too much supply. Today, there is no sub-prime lending and too little supply. The real estate market will hold on much better.
19303 Expect second-quarter home sales activity to slow down with the broad observance of stay-at-home orders, but sales will pick up when the economy reopens as many potential home buyers and sellers indicate they're still in the market or will be in a couple of months,
19304 Mortgage rates are expected to hold under four percent for most of 2020, while net job creation will likely exceed two million,
19305 Just as it took the faculty time and thought to get to this position, the Corporation will also take time to get to its response,
19306 thank the faculty for a very thoughtful discussion
19307 Now, let me be clear, national security is a legitimate concern, but I believe we must be wary of policy that undercuts the strength of the very institutions that make coming to the United States worthwhile,
19308 may be a permanent change in the structure of the economy and supply chains may shift permanently.
19309 obtain jobs that are related to their fields of study, both inside and outside of academia,
19310 Our two countries have a great deal in common... The support of startups is an essential driver for this economic development and diversification through innovation The MoU is enhancing the mutual understanding of the start-up ecosystem of our two countries.
19311 The real issues going forward are likely to be whether food industry workers can stay healthy.
19312 We are deeply proud of our accomplishments and confident we are on the right path with Jack's leadership and the executive team,
19313 in an environment where certainty is scarce,
19314 We are moving full stem ahead on Oil Kings playoff games and will continue to consult experts but we're excited to welcome WHL playoffs to Rogers Place in the coming weeks,
19315 We wanted to express our deepest condolences to the family and friends of our teammate Colby Cave after his passing earlier this morning,
19316 cutting social charges, suspending value-added taxes and providing emergency loans for sectors particularly hard hit, such as travel.
19317 The virus risks giving a further blow to a global economy that was already weakened by trade and political tensions,
19318 During lunch, I interacted with some alumni of the Tony Elumelu Entrepreneurship programme who said they were beneficiaries of $5,000 support in 2015 from the TEF, and today, they have just completed raising $3million becoming one of the biggest food chain providers in Rwanda. These are some examples of what such interventions can do. We support, give them an enabling environment, provide a platform and think of our prosperity in a sustainable fashion,
19319 I just want to bring something that was family friendly to El Paso. Something that includes the whole family. Kids can come and play and the adults can come and hang out.
19320 I wouldn't put all my eggs in that basket,
19321 I would have preferred that that was built into the legislation upfront,
19322 (w) e should certainly be prepared for a meaningful level of deliberate suppression of economic activity for the rest of the year.
19323 President Bush delegated to Secretary Paulson to do the negations on not just the financial aspects (like TARP) but also the fiscal stimulus aspects as well.
19324 The financial crisis occurred because the underpinning of the economy was bad, they say, but this is a temporary situation and eventually things will go back to normal,
19325 Susan Lynn, the literacy coordinator, asked me to write the trivia questions,
19326 We expect oil demand to increase by about 1 million barrels per day, mainly from emerging countries,
19327 Despite widespread expectations global energy-related CO2 emissions would post another annual increase in 2019, new @IEA data shows they were unchanged at 33 gigatonnes even as the world economy expanded by 2.9%,
19328 It will definitely put downward pressure on the appetite for a cleaner energy transition,
19329 India's achievements in the energy sector have been outstanding. The scale of these achievements is hard to overstate,
19330 The progress this will achieve in transforming countries' energy infrastructure won't be temporary -- it can make a lasting difference to our future,
19331 Today 3 billion people in the world are locked down. As a result of that, we may see demand fall
19332 This is especially true in China, the largest energy consumer in the world, which accounted for more than 80 percent of global oil demand growth last year. While the repercussions of the virus are spreading to other parts of the world, what happens in China will have major implications for global energy and oil markets.
19333 We were really making tremendous progress.... China, today, is much less important to the U.S. economy than the day [ Donald Trump ] was inaugurated.... D ecoupling, making sure the U.S. economy has as little to do with China as is practically possible, has to be the overriding U.S. objective.
19334 While China still has a sizable trade surplus with the U.S., its overall current position is near balance, further undercutting the characterization of China as a currency manipulator.
19335 There is the paradox of course that if there is trouble anywhere in the world -- including in the U.S. -- people bring their money to the U.S. for safekeeping,
19336 The breadth of the sale program is intended to signal that it is driven by the government's reformist tendencies rather than just fiscal needs,
19337 writings and public statements at a confirmation hearing Thursday,
19338 Construction activities have already halved as the implementation of projects, small or large, has slowed,
19339 Even if you're not freaked out about a pandemic, you worry that everyone else is and they'll stockpile... and you don't want to be left paperless,
19340 He needs a tread carefully, because Pakistan army, always waiting in the wings, is all willing to swoop in to gain the population's sympathy, reassert its role as the country's one competent institution, and further consolidate its already considerable control,
19341 How do you take a thousand anecdotes and turn it into a boardroom briefing?
19342 GO BIG! GO NOW!
19343 The individuals who become ill, who are quarantined, who are not able to go to work -- there's a nontrivial number of workers that if they do not show up to work for two weeks, they lose their job,
19344 real person's specific life or experience.
19345 -- or as stylized as the violence that's portrayed in the `70s,
19346 I think sometimes the best way for us to grapple with the truths of our reality and our present is to see it through a different prism and a different lens,
19347 They basically took thousands of German engineers and scientists and brought them to America,
19348 The number of people who have never heard of the Holocaust or who have heard of it but think it didn't happen is shocking. The point of this series is to carry on my grandmother's story and teach people the truth.
19349 That's where sales have been the strongest. The market is finding its footing again and developers are taking that longer-term view that, `I'm building for 2021, 2022. '
19350 We assume that after having achieved the phase one trade deal with China, Trump will not take huge risks when running for president at the November elections.
19351 generally, one does lead into another
19352 I don't think many will think that is a profit-enhancing shift,
19353 If you can get cars to self-drive, why can't we solve this?
19354 It was not able to sustain the push above $1.12 yesterday and is returning below $1.11 in the European morning. Yesterday's low was near $1.1050, and that is the next immediate target. It corresponds to a (61.8%) retracement of the rally from last month's low below $1.08 to the recent high just shy of $1.15.
19355 Now is the time to book your regional Victorian getaway, because a short stay really does go a long way,
19356 The most practical thing that ordinary Victorians can do right now to help these regions is to travel there and spend money there,
19357 The time and expense incurred by OXY to fight our simple request is extraordinary; it's as if the Company's future depends on Hollub and Batchelder keeping their secrets secret,
19358 They have stood up everything they need, they are experienced at it, having done it in 2008-2009. People will come to the Fed out of need, who will then provide it to the people who need it the most,
19359 You're putting money in at the point where it matters. It keeps the business alive. It keeps the workers getting paid. It does it for as long as it needs to.
19360 That hasn't happened. Republicans in general had a fairly spectacular unsuccessful run at that.
19361 I think the Recovery Act was hamstrung by that, and it didn't work as well as it should have.
19362 They are completely subterranean. They've got multiple layers of corporations within corporations within holding companies.
19363 On the back end of the virus,
19364 This is an exceptional shock. It needs an exceptional response, in terms of bold national action, deeper international cooperation, and high levels of external assistance,
19365 These are the complementary economic measures, that in the short run, when people can neither work nor consume as freely as they would have, are absolutely essential to minimize the economic pain and prevent short-term economic shocks.
19366 Elites have always existed,
19367 This is the narrative which has determining my work over the last 50 years... now finally we see the US Business Roundtable statement. I feel vindicated!
19368 In all of our 11 parishes, we've been seeing these kinds of lines and these kinds of distributions and the limiting factor is how much food we have brought to cover that distribution.
19369 They're taking the abundance of caution of protecting their volunteers as opposed to exposing them to risk. So, we're trying to figure out how we're going to address those food distributions to the people who need that food.
19370 Once the central bank buys them, it's as if the Treasury never issued them in the first place,
19371 We don't have increasing inflationary pressures. The trillion-dollar deficit is perfectly fine and we could probably go higher.
19372 The lack of road safety is a public health issue. More than 100,000 children die each year in traffic accidents, making it the most common cause of death for in certain age groups. But it is possible to solve the problem, provided that scientifically developed methods are used,
19373 I think most Wall Street Journal readers realize that the journal is the top echelon of business journalism and they're not going to publish anything that hasn't been seriously vetted and checked for accuracy.
19374 The longer that we drag on, the more that we're going to be in this for the long haul with these different kinds of stimuli.
19375 There's constraints on inequality at the top so that some cannot amass a great deal of economic power that translates into social and political power. And so long as there are countervailing forces across the economy, that can be a counterweight to concentrated economic power.
19376 We can brag we have the most expensive healthcare. We can also now brag that it delivers the worst health of any rich country,
19377 That's about as hopeful as I can be.
19378 Already this week, at our current conference here in Israel, no fewer than 15 Bavarian companies have come to see what Israeli 4.0 companies have to offer. I believe we will see more delegations, more collaborations, and more Israeli technology in the coming years integrated within the German industry.
19379 The Identifiable Victim Effect is the idea that identified victims get much more attention and help than much more statistical victims that will predictably emerge in the future,
19380 there will be no default in Ukraine because creditors will not allow it.
19381 They teach you Spanish in a fun way,
19382 virtually all regions across the world
19383 Reports trickling in from estates say that from Monday onward, there will be good flush as temperature is rising in the hills. It means that bushes will start generating good quality leaves. But since there will be no plucking, the leaves will overgrow. We have already lost the first flush season. Now the second flush will also get affected,
19384 We will continue to be true to our business model and are extremely proud to be operating a profitable and growing business in times like these, with best in class content and technology as its backbone,
19385 made more than $350,000 last year to infrequently write stories that generated little meaningful viewership or revenue.
19386 While the Committee would like to see inflation expectations anchored closer to the mid-point of the inflation target range on a sustained basis, the lower inflation forecast and improved risk profile opens some space to provide further policy accommodation to the economy.
19387 The forecast for 2020 and 2021 have also decreased to 1.2% and 1.6%, respectively, due to lower growth expected.
19388 With ChowNow seamlessly linking to our Instagram accounts and not charging any commissions on orders, we're able to promote all the new things we're offering while ensuring that more dollars go directly back to our restaurants and beloved staff,
19389 Bad governance lies at the center of Africa's failure to sustain peace. When conflicts persist, girls drop out of school and we lose Africa's brain trust. Women and girls must not be used as or for conflict,
19390 If you're a country like Nigeria, which is a net oil exporter -- one, we're demanding less oil from you, but secondly the amount of oil that we're demanding from you has dropped [ in price ]. We've estimated that Nigeria could lose almost $19 billion if the trend continues and that's a big shock to Nigeria's economy, which was already growing at quite a low rate of 2.8 percent.
19391 Africa may lose half of its GDP with growth falling from 3.2% to about 2% due to a number of reasons which include the disruption of global supply chains,
19392 How many people would be in how big a room?
19393 I feel like the 2008 financial crisis was just a dry run for this,
19394 In my opinion, a difference of opinion about whether this employment land expansion is good planning does not change the fact that the town and the city are working together on a number of issues,
19395 Live music (guitar, cello and ukulele), with a small ensemble of actors and found object puppetry, will combine to tell a tale of adventure, loss, danger and the discovery of one's true power. Staged in the Goodman Main Stage Hall at the Milwaukee Youth Arts Center, the intimacy of the space makes the audience experience even more exciting, and also allows us the opportunity to offer pre - and post-show workshops and discussions for our audiences, advancing our commitment to building community.
19396 Steve Schwarzman exemplifies modern global financial capitalism. This book offers with great clarity his thoughts on everything from family life to global capital markets. It should be of interest to anyone trying to make a big mark on today's complex global economy.
19397 We do hope that the Indian government will reconsider its decision. We are discussing this through our diplomatic channel, if necessary we can also go through the political channel,
19398 When the war was finally over he was sent to Israel for two years. He was a warrior and served his country faithfully and with honour.
19399 29 percent of those initially in the bottom quintile rose all the way to the top quintile,
19400 Chinese tourism alone now accounts for 0.4% of global GDP, and the number of `missing work days' in China will be roughly equivalent to the entire US workforce taking an unplanned break for two months,
19401 Notably, a dash for government bonds, which remain at their yield lows for the year, and precious metals, suggest at least some investors are seeking protection from a decline in global growth expectations,
19402 emerging system of alliances.
19403 I have known David for many years, and it is excellent to have him on board. There is no-one better placed to bring our message to the City.
19404 literally any other charity.
19405 must be flexible enough to fix it along the way,
19406 The money is mostly going to go to bailout shareholders.
19407 As Trump does not listen to allies, Europe's role is very limited in the region. Europe is mostly a bystander, having to grapple with the potential fallout of instability in the region without being able and willing to influence events much.
19408 may undermine the pillars of the EU.
19409 the road ahead will be much tougher for rural areas... Job growth is likely to remain flat for the next decade in many rural counties, and it could continue to shrink in the most distressed areas.
19410 This is a cause near and dear to all of our hearts Our entire team is proud to be a small part of Apple A Day's mission.
19411 This marks the biggest drop since 1991 and brings the index to its lowest level since August 2009,
19412 will face insolvency due to the crisis
19413 We wanted to move to a corner of the road, leaving enough space for vehicles. Since Wednesday, we have been requesting the police to allow us to move our dais to a corner but they have remained non-committal.
19414 Babies born in the Ville [ neighborhood ] are six times more likely to have a low birth rate and twice as likely to die before their first birthday, compared to babies in Clayton,
19415 Financial Markets and Monetary Policy: Is There a Hall of Mirrors Problem?
19416 I propose to think of capitalism as the particular form that proprietarianism assumed in the era of heavy industry and international financial investment, that is, primarily in the second half of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
19417 must enjoy a minimum degree of plausibility if the system is to endure.
19418 Rather counter-intuitively, building more houses is not the right prescription. House prices won't fall until the tide of cash flowing into the market abates.... The best way to do this is through the tax system,
19419 This is not a time to be squeamish about one-off additions to the public debt. It's more like a wartime situation that this is money well spent.
19420 Throughout 2020, we will turn challenges into opportunities.
19421 There is a direct linkage between the sources of fine particulate matter and the sources of greenhouse gases. Most are the same.
19422 This is why the ECB has been consistently calling for fiscal policy to play a stronger role and capitalize
19423 This would happen if the EU and the UK are unable to agree on a timely trade deal. And if there is no mutual consensus on extending the transitional period beyond 2020,
19424 We now have to start a national movement on how we can protect our waterways not only for ourselves, but also for our future generations as our entire activities are dependent on waterways,
19425 All workers should have been covered, with government grants to businesses to help them absorb the cost,
19426 Some people think if you don't hit the target right away, you might as well not start. But research shows that's not true,
19427 The (business) associations have proposed to join hands with the government so that schemes can be extended (to their units) and more people brought under them. Such proposals usually don't come up during pre-budget discussions. It was clear that the industrial firms were facing a tough time because of high inflation and low GDP rate,
19428 At a time when the country's growth rate has dropped to five percent, Bengal's growth rate has been 12.58 percent... We have allocated huge sums to social infrastructure so that money goes into the hands of the poor and common people. This is because the marginal propensity to consume is very high among the poor people,
19429 You can imagine that workers who aren't able to work from home are going to be more affected by the shutdown in activity that we're seeing already. There are things that you can do there,
19430 The recent fiscal policy actions to increase access to testing and healthcare for those who are sick, to support public and private healthcare providers who are dealing with virus containment and the treatment of ill patients, and to help workers and small businesses that will be most affected by work stoppages are the types of government policy measures that can be most helpful in defending against the adverse consequences of the disease for individuals and the economy,
19431 an agenda of tax cuts, deregulation and originalist judges.
19432 It has been a tremendous privilege to serve our wonderful clients.  I am delighted that our clients will now have the benefits of Creative Planning's distinguished approach to both planning and investment management out of their new Wichita office.
19433 For the past 15 years, we have focused on building Creative Planning into a market leader that provides real value to our customers through our holistic approach to wealth management and financial planning. We are excited to partner with an investor who shares our vision and is committed to continuing on the Creative Planning path, which is to focus on a long-term plan to emerge as the leader in the industry. Our partnership with General Atlantic represents an exciting continuation of our momentum on our path.
19434 I've seen first hand the impact
19435 For example, a business which used to hire three workers for 40 hours per week, and which during the pandemic only requires 40 hours of labour in total, might then be able to retain each of the three workers for 13 hours per week, rather than needing to lay off two workers and retaining one worker in a full-time position,
19436 I think he has the best plan and he's not from Washington,
19437 It affects you in a way that's hard to describe. The landscape is so scarred. There's so many slips and everything has changed.
19438 People (will) see the kind of love we have for each other and understanding we have for the importance of making sure people feel comfortable and included as much as possible,
19439 There was a sense that 2008 was a show that we had seen before -- the panic of 1907, the Great Depression. We know about financial crises. We knew that it was just money, and that one way or the other the government would step in and save the bankers from their folly.
19440 We have some outstanding elements of practice at Stratford and we will continue to focus upon ensuring that these flourish and build even greater consistency throughout the school.
19441 Anything that suggests downside risks to oil price is a risk to Nigeria,
19442 Both countries are already demonstrating their willingness to use these to stabilize supply and prices.
19443 is largely going to depend on how many people are going to be infected by this... how many people will be able to go to work, and how many hours they will be able to put into production,
19444 The impact on economic activity is comparatively that much larger.
19445 We need structural reforms addressing the real sectors of the economy, and governance reforms to improve the ease of doing business. It is time to stop treating public sector banks as holy cows, and own up to the fact that at least some public sector banks need to be privatised. And finally, now that the ambiguities in the bankruptcy code have been resolved, the process must be expedited so that confidence revives and new investments come on stream.
19446 We should pursue revolutionary change for government structures, but evolutionary change for society
19447 As a result of the persistently large deficits, federal debt held by the public is projected to rise to $31.4 trillion at the end of 2030, an amount equal to 98% of
19448 He still has the capacity to contribute and lead us out of this abyss we found the country in,
19449 Here is where we're going to get the funds,
19450 Tabdeeli Sarkar has interned a growing economy into ICU from day one, bringing down the Growth from 5.5 pc to 2.4 pc by administering doses of (1) 40pc devaluation; (2) Doubling interest (Policy) rate to 13.25 pc; (3) Imposing new taxes of Rs750bn (which was lied on the floor of the House by as Rs500bn and for which he was promoted as full minister); (4) Highest ever fiscal deficit of 8.9 pc GDP; (5) first time ever SBP's hundreds of billions rupees annual profit converted to loss; (6) Sharpest increase in a decade of inflation from 4pc to 14.6 pc, with food Inflation rising from 1.6 pc to 23.8 pc,
19451 The treatment effects are substantial: children whose families take up an experimental voucher to move to a lower-poverty area when they are less than 13 years old have an annual income that is $3,477 (31%) higher on average relative to a mean of $11,270 in the control group in their mid-twenties,
19452 These tools are not yet available.
19453 If history is anything to go by -- recall the mad cow disease-induced curbs on British beef -- then some of the new export curbs will be in place for years,
19454 If minimizing uncertainty was the goal, an automatic licensing system would have been introduced EU-wide, as opposed to fragmenting the single market with a hodgepodge of different national implementation procedures.
19455 Lots of people are coming up with savings tools, no doubt about this,
19456 There are moments like that. I'm not particularly proud of that one.
19457 [ Fox's ] quarter that ended in December might not be vibrant, but then results should just roar ahead. With all these politicians running for office and gathering money and spending it, this is going to be a tsunami year for TV broadcasters.
19458 It's clearly a piece of the drawing that was partly colored but wasn't fully colored in,
19459 Personally I think it's been a close call, therefore it doesn't take much data to swing it one way or the other and the next few [ MPC ] meetings are absolutely live,
19460 What we have done here today is to bring you a message of hope. But we also challenge you to put in your best as I can assure you that these are the surest ways to your welfare as well.
19461 At first it was keep calm and carry on, it wasn't anything to worry about, just go on as normal and then as things progressed and actually as my cough developed, that was totally different.
19462 More and more people are self-employed, which means incomes are variable and when you combine that with the fact there is a lack of savings and rising interest rates, it's like a perfect storm.
19463 One of our concerns is the authorities seeking central bank financing to fund part of the deficit,
19464 The falling interest rate cycle has always supported a rise in gold prices. While the minutes of the Federal Open Market Committee in the US are yet to be out, concerns remain on the interest rate cut in CY20. In such circumstances, investors remain bullish on gold,
19465 Thinking about this ahead of time can be very helpful: it can reduce the stress of all the decision making and arrangements required when someone dies, and can help anchor the expense.
19466 desperate to stay in the labor force,
19467 More what you had in mind?
19468 We will assess the situation to mitigate and minimize the impacts. We cannot eradicate the impacts, but we can minimize them for corporations and the public.
19469 The regulation will serve as a legal background to protect public health and help affected communities, businesses and the economy.
19470 When we're looking for the economy to recover people can't because they're saddled with extra debts because the government hasn't paid people's rent,
19471 When we've got slowdowns like this, the ones at the raw end of the deal are the farmers and they're going through an extraordinarily difficult time right now.
19472 Thanks to the chancellor for her clear words.
19473 Wet markets have been a part of life for many, many centuries. In 2020, they are still an essential part of the culture,
19474 Because if we lift too early, the pandemic can take hold again. And that itself is very bad for the economy.
19475 The thing damaging our economy is a virus,
19476 Hopefully they can hang on until the help gets there, but the help is not going to come overnight.
19477 A lot of families and businesses can know that help is on the way,
19478 Harrods is a symbol of resilience in a changing and often uncertain world, and I know that our values will ensure that we as a business come through this next chapter.
19479 If you read them objectively, these efforts are to safeguard the wellbeing of our community members and to assist those who are at risk or in need.
19480 Showroom traffic dropped 25-50% last week and in our view, [ ground ] to a halt the last 10 days of the month.
19481 [ ground ] t0 a halt the last 10 days of the month.
19482 I think it goes all the way. I think that it is absolutely unclear, I would not make a projection now. And if you remember, a couple weeks ago, I was one of those people who thought Bernie Sanders would be challenged, but would still get a plurality. I am no longer convinced that Sanders gets a plurality of the delegates. I still think he has the advantage.
19483 Does he work for The Onion?
19484 We shouldn't hide our veterans' injuries just to pretend like we're invincible,
19485 I think we will see a lot of rethinking on this, coming on the back of the trade disruption, now we have this,
19486 It is said that India reforms only in crisis,
19487 It is, unfortunately, spreading undetected more than initially was thought,
19488 even more will be needed, especially on the fiscal front.
19489 Never in the history of the IMF have we witnessed the world economy coming to a standstill,
19490 This is the risk that we are facing,
19491 It appears that the main reason for this slowdown was the non-banking financial institutions experiencing a turbulence,
19492 It is a more shock-prone world and we got the evidence virtually days after we presented this outlook with the Coronavirus hitting the Chinese economy but also presenting a risk for growth globally,
19493 remain committed to use all available policy tools to achieve strong, sustainable, balanced and inclusive growth, and safeguard against downside risks.
19494 Germany has also provided money for catastrophe fund for poorest members, boosting capacity to over $600 million.
19495 However, once the lockdown is lifted, we expect service sector activity to bounce back rather quickly. In comparison, the initial impact of the lockdown on manufacturing activity is expected to be somewhat lower as one-third of net value added in manufacturing comes from production of essential items such as food, beverages, petroleum and coke, pharma and medicinal products. That said, the drag on manufacturing growth is likely to linger on beyond the first half of FY21 due to lower global growth and continued supply-chain disruptions,
19496 which will significantly reduce Somalia's total debt and enable access to new resources to jumpstart growth and begin reducing poverty.
19497 We'll do our best to give a diagnostics recommendation on measures to take but the taking is in the hands of Lebanon,
19498 It brings China in the parameters around the 6-per cent growth for 2020, rather than below,
19499 Our IMF staff team is working expeditiously to respond to this request so that a proposal can be considered by the Fund's Executive Board in the coming weeks,
19500 larger access than previously envisaged,
19501 At a time of uncertainty [... ] it is better to do more than to do not enough,
19502 gives us hope, and helps us to rethink the global economy.
19503 We are being asked by our members to do more, do it better and do it faster than ever before.
19504 in the short term, is likely to bring some slowdown,
19505 Nearly $90 billion in investments have flowed out of emerging markets.
19506 Antoinette demonstrates a rare combination of institutional leadership, deep analytical capacity, and an unwavering commitment to fairness,
19507 So then we can agree on synchronized, or even better, coordinated measures to protect the world economy from a more serious shock,
19508 very concerned about the negative outlook for global growth in 2020 and in particular about the strain a downturn would have on emerging markets and low-income countries
19509 more than tripling his margin of victory five years earlier
19510 It is an unmitigated disaster like coronavirus for the Congress,
19511 The father had once called the BJP `Deshdrohis' . Wonder what he would be thinking of his son joining that gang...
19512 We are all working towards it. The magic doesn't lie in any individual's hand. It is a collective effort. It will call for collective endeavour, collective discipline and collective submergence of individual egos,
19513 government allows unfettered access to Jammu and Kashmir to all politicians and not resort to guided tours for envoys
19514 The government owes an explanation why a commitment was made that 42 per cent of the devolved tax revenue would go to states has become only 30 per cent. It has never been 42 per cent. I think this is a breach of promise,
19515 this biography does not intend to eulogise Krishna Menon
19516 Our regional team will continue to work within the community to provide as many opportunities as possible for people to cycle and for the sport to thrive.
19517 Tech workers, tech companies, are used to work online. They exist in the virtual universe. The Bay Area is more likely to be able to resist a downturn.
19518 A lot of people are going to be suffering in the Bay Area,
19519 Lower income people have a problem. They can't live here. It's not that they can't afford to live here. It's that they can't live here.
19520 Television income is essential for all participating clubs,
19521 The Forty Acres have been my home for most of my life and I look forward to working with our fantastic leadership team, alumni, faculty, staff and students to lead UT through today's crisis and create an even brighter future for this great university.
19522 They have short maturities, high interest rates and fees, and no commitments on how the money will be used.
19523 This is financed through an International Development Association (IDA) credit of $115 million and co-financing of $100 million from the French Agency for Development and $215 million from the European Investment Bank.
19524 We are working hard to provide support through our public and private sector tools,
19525 It is essential that we shorten the time to recovery. This package provides urgent support to businesses and their workers to reduce the financial and economic impact of the spread of COVID-19,
19526 We had a pretty solid outlook before this happened -- and there is some risk, but basically I think the U.S. outlook looks pretty good.
19527 Every indication so far suggests there will be a huge plunge in output in the second quarter,
19528 We're getting out of coal and switching to renewable energy,
19529 We thanked him as the president of the bank, that he has assisted Zimbabwe,
19530 39 per cent of the world's stunted children and 28 per cent of the world's wasted children are in Africa. They are prone to inhibited intellectual and physical growth, and sometimes even premature death,
19531 a remarkable achievement... [ that's ] good for the peace and prosperity of all of us.
19532 continue to implement the decision to reduce the number of NATO personnel in Afghanistan.
19533 to coordinate the necessary military support to combat the crisis, to speed up and step up assistance,
19534 to the freedom and security of Europe.
19535 so missions can continue.
19536 We agreed to expand our mission in Iraq by training non-commissioned officers, mine experts and federal police cadres within the framework of its program,
19537 The Assad regime and Russia caused untold civilian suffering,
19538 Today, ally ministers reaffirmed their support to Iraq and agreed in principle to enhance NATO's training mission,
19539 Our primary objective is to ensure that this health crisis does not become a security crisis.
19540 NATO has already provided political and practical support to Turkey and the allies are looking to make further contributions.
19541 We will only stay in Iraq based on an invitation from Iraq,
19542 we have no reason to not believe
19543 (Baghdad nonetheless) confirmed to us their desire for continuation of the NATO training, advising and capacity-building activities for the Iraqi armed forces,
19544 to have close dialogue with the Iraqi government
19545 More Europe cannot mean Europe alone,
19546 allowing companies to prepare their own environmental impact statements. We should not be giving self-graded take home exams to polluting companies. And allowing merely 60 days for public comment on these sweeping changes is not nearly enough time to fully consider its broad, far-reaching implications.
19547 But, the new NAFTA does make significant improvements on past trade agreements, including the original NAFTA. New NAFTA adds important tools and resources that were negotiated by Democrats to strengthen the agreement, hold the administration accountable to enforce NAFTA countries' environmental obligations and help ensure that those who break the rules are actually held accountable.
19548 100% of new sales for light - and medium-duty vehicles will be electrified.
19549 There's going to be more attention on him.... And it should be an overall positive.
19550 His courageous leadership allowed climate change to be recognised world over as the most pressing issue confronting the world and launched a new era of international deliberations and actions,
19551 If he is saying that we should review the Zupco subsidy and other subsidies, we continue to do these things. We may change it in future, and we may not, but that is normal. I do not think we want to compare one subsidy to another.
19552 I remain optimistic that the Airline is not beyond redemption and as Government, we are determined to see it back to a robust state,
19553 After consultation with the Ministry of Finance, the Securities and Exchange Commission of Zimbabwe and the ZSE continue trading during the lockdown,
19554 Much ground was covered during 2019 towards revamping performance of public entities under the State Enterprises Reform Framework, as articulated in the Transitional Stabilisation Programme (2018 - 2020),
19555 If one doesn't have much to exchange, one can't demand very much, and may thus lose out in competition with others whose needs may be a good deal less acute, but whose entitlements are stronger
19556 Our intellectual horizons expand when we learn from each other. We can give to the world much more than what we get from it.
19557 Over the last few years, the focus has been on very practical issues, real world challenges that economics can solve,
19558 It also radically changed how I think about the world.
19559 My fever had spiked up to 102. I was still having body aches, loss of taste. I was really weak. I was having respiratory problems. I could not talk without having shortness of breath,
19560 There's no question no one feels comfortable with where things are when it comes to the status of violence across the state,
19561 operates independently as it should.
19562 The Fed threw a lifeline to Main Street by announcing a significant intervention into the real economy and financial markets that intends to limit what will be a gut-wrenching increase in first-time jobless claims, unemployment, income losses and bankruptcies this year,
19563 The news, in absolute terms of new infections, is likely to get worse.
19564 This is good news, but it's about as relevant as data from 1975,
19565 The Fed is now effectively the direct lender of last resort to the real economy, not just the financial system.
19566 While great uncertainty remains, it has become clear that our economy will face severe disruptions. Aggressive efforts must be taken across the public and private sectors to limit the losses to jobs and incomes and to promote a swift recovery once the disruptions abate,
19567 The risk that a one-quarter decline in activity snowballs into a more protracted confidence-led slump is growing by the day, though lower oil prices, as well as fiscal and monetary stimulus, will begin to support growth soon.
19568 we could see a drop of 5 million jobs in April. We are going to see numbers we never thought possible. This will be the biggest economic hit that any developed economy has ever seen outside wartime.
19569 We expected a bigger rebound after last week's exceptionally low reading, so today's report adds more weight to our view that the underlying trend in claims is not rising; it might, perhaps, be falling again,
19570 If this continues, the epidemic will come under control well before the appearance of warmer, drier weather begins naturally to stem its spread,
19571 the rise in public-sector debt and destruction of human, and possibly physical, capital is important,
19572 As such, they are moving rapidly to attempt to ameliorate the threat to financial market functioning and are working to cushion the blow to corporates and households most impacted by the shock.
19573 We continue to mark down 1H20 global GDP forecasts as our assessment of both the global pandemic's reach and the damage related to necessary containment policies [ have ] increased,
19574 There are continuing signs of a pick-up in established housing markets. This is especially so in Sydney and Melbourne, but prices in some other markets have also increased,
19575 the various elements of this package reinforce one another and will help to lower funding costs across the economy and support the provision of credit, especially to small and medium-sized businesses.
19576 Building that bridge requires a team effort, with us all pulling together,
19577 Interest rates should make it easier for both the public and business sectors to contemplate long-term investments, given that future returns don't need to be discounted as much,
19578 Low for long time at Lowe's
19579 This will mitigate the cost to the banking system associated with the large increase in banks' settlement balances at the Reserve Bank that will occur following these policy actions,
19580 If the unemployment rate were to be trending in the wrong direction and there was no further progress being made towards the inflation target, the balance of arguments would change. In those circumstances, the Board would see a stronger case for further monetary easing,
19581 The coronavirus has clouded the near-term outlook for the global economy and means that global growth in the first half of 2020 will be lower than earlier expected,
19582 [ During SARS the economy ] took a hit of 2 per cent in one quarter but bounced back quickly. Growth now is slower and the capacity to bounce back and have stimulus measures isn't as great,
19583 Businesses, as well as governments across Australia are addressing these areas and it is important that they remain focused on them.
19584 this recovery in 2021 is only partial
19585 trade tensions and disruptions is something that we put out there as an important risk.
19586 The growth markdown largely reflects a downward revision to India `s projection, where domestic demand has slowed more sharply than expected amid stress in the nonbank financial sector and a decline in credit growth,
19587 actions by large central banks (are) also generating favourable spillovers for vulnerable countries.
19588 Weakness in credit growth is the main reason behind IMF's growth forecast cut for India,
19589 We see India recovering. There is a significant recovery coming in the next fiscal year. There is a fair amount of monetary stimulus in the system, corporate tax cuts are also there -- these should help with recovery in growth,
19590 Two factors are working at the moment -- lower oil prices and the consequences of the so-called coronavirus infection. I believe the second component is even more serious for our economy, since it directly affects entire industries,
19591 What hinders economic growth?
19592 We are better prepared than other countries that have large revenues from oil production, which today have to cut their budgets, he said. We will fully fulfill all obligations. We will not cut or reduce budget adjustments that have been adopted.
19593 We are excited about the opportunity to partner with Mercury, which will further advantage our students as we strive to provide the best education available to the industry,
19594 Women do the great majority of childcare. Women do the great majority of taking care of elderly parents, including their in-laws. Women do the majority of taking care of their husbands' parent s. If you are in a couple, this is a hard time, but this is a good time for really reaching for a little equality. Lean in at home, gentlemen!
19595 How do you ensure that relationships with third party groups such as voter registration platforms are reaching the right people who could potentially learn from them the most on Facebook?
19596 The only way to get through this is to share the load of caretaking, and that is super important,
19597 This is actually one of the most important things I want to do this year,
19598 The COVID-19 pandemic has hit small businesses everywhere. Suddenly and, through no fault of their own, many simply can't do business, and for others it has become much, much harder because customers are doing the right thing and staying at home,
19599 [ A payroll tax holiday ] might help them in one sense. It might help them in that their employers might be able to carry them on their payrolls, even though, again, I realize that that these are part-time contracting jobs, but they might be able to to come to some arrangements with them to keep money flowing to them without going bust themselves.
19600 In the final analysis, what we need most urgently are reforms, to improve the investment climate, property rights, and reduce state economic control,
19601 That's the cash cushion they have to absorb losses that they'll suffer on delinquencies and defaults.
19602 They're worried `Am I going to get sick? Are my parents going to get sick?' That's a prescription for people going into the bunker and for job losses.
19603 It's a stealth tax cut. That's what we learned in the [ 2008 financial ] crisis. It didn't have the juice in terms of sentiment,
19604 With the Federal Reserve running out of options to help, the onus on lawmakers to provide fiscal stimulus,
19605 The economy is shutting down as it grapples with Covid-19,
19606 There will be pent-up demand, and interest rates will be low. Assuming the finance system is not taken out, we'll see a period of good strong growth in the second half of 2021 going into 2022 -- -- as long as the script for a vaccine holds true.
19607 This is a significant threat to his re-election.
19608 excruciatingly tight labor markets... across all skills,
19609 Providing financial support to specific industries and companies should be the last thing on the list of fiscal stimulus measures.
19610 The macroeconomic operation of China is generally stable, and the supply and demand is basically balanced, which indicates the country is not prone to long-term inflation or deflation,
19611 The rally we see in gold is just a function of weakness in the other currencies.
19612 I ask for forgiveness to anyone I may have wronged. To those who wronged me, I forgive you,
19613 The minimum wage increased productivity by redistributing workers from less productive to more productive companies,
19614 There is no housing or commercial real estate overhand.
19615 Mr. President, why don't you launch the biggest infrastructure program of all time now? Roads, bridges, and other infrastructure involve outdoor work that allows for social distancing. Doing so will put Americans back to work now in good paying, virus-safe jobs,
19616 This is particularly so in light of my disclosure on the show that we were actively buying hotel and restaurant stocks -- companies that have been most impacted by the virus -- in addition to other companies in our portfolio.
19617 This suggests that differences in access -- rather than differences in student interest -- are probably driving gaps in participation.
19618 Colby was a respected and admired teammate, family member and friend to so many across the hockey community and community at large,
19619 Commodity prices are a very important channel for transmitting international shocks to the Canadian economy,
19620 The one thing with vulnerabilities is that we do see that they have been stabilizing, the housing market is starting to stabilize in different places and we don't see the froth and we see more savings than we thought we had given historical revisions. That's important information.
19621 there are still tools in the toolkit, including easing and funding for financial instructions to lend to businesses.
19622 They don't need to be talked into it. They are already talked into it.
19623 It's not a happy place for the banking system.
19624 Risk management demands a prompt and sizable policy response to larger shocks to ensure the economy remains well anchored,
19625 I didn't want one of our characters to have the number of a real victim or a real survivor, as I did not want to misrepresent a real person or borrow from a specific moment in an actual person's life,
19626 simply did not want to depict... specific, real acts of trauma.
19627 He's a champion for underrepresented stories,
19628 The last thing we want are people doing home DoorDash deliveries,
19629 The community has grown smaller and it was a love letter to my grandmother.
19630 And as I got older and became a student of the Holocaust and my grandmother's story, those poppy colors began to desaturate. I began to see the stark, depraved moments of what happened. And I think you'll see the show toes these different tonal lines that explores the kind of wish-fulfillment, comic book superhero of it all, and then the very sobering, reverential portrayal of life in the camps.
19631 Or if they did, I think we would have to censor a lot of it and cut a lot of it. Jennifer Salke and the whole Amazon team was so vehement in their support of wanting this vision to really come to life as it was written on the page, which just felt like a really lucky thing.
19632 My grandmother was a Holocaust survivor, and she would tell me stories about the war and what she experienced,
19633 immediately refer it to the Government's Proscription Review Group.
19634 It's time to move on, Jamie,
19635 Water protectors will be there,
19636 It's too early to shift the entire macro policy over the virus outbreak, but we may see some micro steps to tide the economy over,
19637 made a conscious decision to go against standard practice in the economics profession
19638 Once the social-distancing and quarantine measures are relaxed, we should see this temporary pause evaporate, and will have potential buyers return with the same enthusiasm.
19639 I don't think home prices will fall if there's a war,
19640 Job growth has slowed in these areas in part because limited supply is making homes less affordable,
19641 The one good news for the housing market, unlike the stock market, is that we're not seeing any volatility in prices,
19642 The rise in the homeownership rate among the younger adults, under 35, and minority households means an increasing number of Americans can build wealth by owning real estate.
19643 Listing agents are in constant communication with their sellers and have made, in most instances, virtual tours of the properties as well as 3-D interactive floorplans,
19644 We celebrate you today for your monumental impact in the economic development of the country.
19645 Within the next three years, American manufacturers are, for the first time, on track to employ more college graduates than workers with a high school education or less, part of a shift toward automation that has increased factory output, opened the door to more women and reduced prospects for lower-skilled workers.
19646 You have to put far more of the power and decision-making in the hands of the individual
19647 How on earth would such a drastic change in temperature make such a tiny difference to GDP?,
19648 The [ Chinese ] government's running a trade surplus overall, so it's got the capacity to purchase more imports without driving itself into a trade deficit which would unravel the insulation that China currently has from international disturbances. But can it consume that much more on top of everything else, or will there be a shift in buying from one country to another? It may be as well the Chinese are doing the classic `Yes, we understand what you have said,' rather than `Yes, we agree to what you have proposed,
19649 I was terrified because I knew if I went in there that it's very possible, I'm going to get it and I have preexisting conditions,
19650 I'm hopeful that there is a natural limit to the job loss, because we hit the most obvious sectors first -- the businesses that had to shut down immediately, because they served crowds of people. Most people who do work sitting at a computer can do that anywhere. It's easier for many in office jobs to continue work as usual.
19651 the bargaining code that we're facilitating between the [ digital ] platforms and the media companies is just all that more urgent
19652 These recalls by Honda and Mitsubishi are the final recalls in relation to the Takata NADI 5-AT airbags. The ACCC and the Department of Infrastructure, Transport, Cities and Regional Development (the Department) expect manufacturers to work to get these cars off the road as quickly as possible.
19653 I also urge customers not to buy more medicines than they require, in order to ease supply restrictions for other patients and enable fair distributions to all Australians.
19654 This was a commitment we had made over several years, over several governments. We have completed that job,
19655 they are not equal among equals in Indian constitution
19656 The Government of India (GoI) has given `in-principle' approval for the Strategic disinvestment of AI by way of the transfer of management control and sale of 100 per cent equity share capital of AI held by GoI which will include AI's shareholding interest of 100 pc in AIXL and 50 pc in AISATS,
19657 While PM Rajapaksa is on a whirlwind tour he was accompanied by one of his Ministers ShriThondaman who is a true blue Tamil being a descendant of 19th century Tamil plantation labour from India unlike northern Jaffna Tamils. He is dynamic and can be a bridge,
19658 We're preparing for the soil to be fertile once people go back to work.
19659 which turns wants into needs
19660 As an early leader in the blockchain sector, we have invested significant amounts of money in developing our brand and educating the capital markets on blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies,
19661 As one of the world's largest miners on the Ethereum network, we are excited about recent developments on the network including the beneficial impact of the recent network upgrade,
19662 Everyone that's been around knows what Steve did,
19663 It's too adult for me, let's be honest.
19664 There may be some familiar faces but not in the way you think. I love our cameo actresses & actors. I'm happy they wanted to be a part of it. One of the cameos is gon na make you guys laugh.
19665 The priority given to projects by the relevant NGB (s) or local authority was one of the key determinants of the assessment score along with factors such as the likelihood of increasing sport participation, how the proposed project would improve high performance and whether the proposed development would benefit spectators.
19666 I'd like to thank all those who are providing these essential services so that people who rely on public transport, working in hospitals, pharmacies, the grocery sector, and other vital areas, can continue to get to where they are needed to the benefit of us all.
19667 We'd love to restore funding. We give them  2.9 million per annum. This is the first step obviously in the restoration of that,
19668 Our three-year-old daughter wants to know if her daddy is coming back,
19669 There's been too much loose talk that Medicare for All is unaffordable,
19670 Fiscal policy is planning for the long-run. The whole levelling up agenda should remain a focus.
19671 A hurried fiscal boost we think may be stymied by a lack of current capacity in the economy, or possibly by creating unrealistic short-term expectations about the extent to which that can quickly bring about an acceleration of living standards,
19672 I'm delighted to see the work start on this stretch of the canal towpath along Broughton Road. I know residents have been very keen to see these improvements and will be eager to see this work completed. When the whole project is finished, residents and visitors will all benefit from a fantastic new towpath which will run all the way from Kildwick to Gargrave, making the canal and the countryside more accessible to everybody.
19673 In light of the decision of the advocate depute, I formally acquit you of charge six on the indictment.
19674 ruining three years of his life
19675 but it won't be this day.
19676 deliberately fabricating for a political purpose
19677 The first indication I got of any allegation was in January 2018. I didn't pay the friendly warning -- or whatever it was -- any regard, basically, because I had no reason to fear a complaint from (Woman H).
19678 I didn't pay the friendly warning -- or whatever it was -- any regard, basically, because I had no reason to fear a complaint from (Ms H).
19679 My understanding of why that was is that the First Minister could be...
19680 it was a very important move to go ahead, not wait and issue bonds.
19681 So I think we need some direction from the Commonwealth government and from the Fair Work Commission to make sure people are not penalised financially for doing what they are asked to by government.
19682 It's a growing problem and it requires urgent attention from policy makers to prevent employers using it as a giant loophole [ to avoid workplace entitlements ].
19683 The whole point of having a sound government balance sheet is to be able to go all out in situations like this, which is tantamount to a war,
19684 The point of saving for a rainy day is to spend when it rains,
19685 -700 k is an awful jobs month. That it's the best news we will get for some time should give us a terrible pit in our stomach.
19686 If there is not sufficient governance and accountability such that worthy small businesses have to shut down, and then we find out that the undeserving high-income small businesses or politically connected businesses are the ones that get the money... then that will be a credibility disaster for the program,
19687 The thing that has been buoying the economy and propping us up has been consumer confidence. It's consumer spending and confidence that has driven the late part of the boom. If that dries up because of the virus, there will be major ramifications.
19688 Because face-to-face service industries -- the kind of businesses that go into a tailspin when fearful people withdraw from one another -- tend to dominate economies in high-income countries more than they do in China,
19689 For generations, Tonka trucks have been the benchmark of durable and rugged toys that let imaginations run wild. We are bringing together these two legendary icons with the common goal of getting kids off their screens and outside or on the floor to enjoy some fun, creative and active play.
19690 In a good market, homes sell regardless of the words used,
19691 We are seeing a surging demand in Waitrose and online,
19692 weaker performance than we had hoped for, driven by significantly reduced profitability in John Lewis
19693 Indian economy is and will become even more exposed to risks of supply disruptions, geopolitical uncertainties and the volatility of oil prices,
19694 The energy choices that India makes will be critical for Indian citizens as well as the future of the planet. This was demonstrated at the IEA's 2019 Ministerial Meeting, which mandated the Agency to start consultations with India for a strategic partnership that could serve as a path to eventual membership, a game-changer for international energy governance.
19695 Venezuela is a very significant producer and its production has almost dropped to zero because of the political turmoil in the country. As a result of sanctions, Iran's crude exports have remarkably depreciated. The drone attacks on Saudi Arabia's national oil company Aramco in September, the continuous unrest in Libya and the killing of the Iranian general (Qassem Soleimani) have not yielded major impact on the oil prices. Despite all these developments, oil prices have remained reasonable.
19696 I hope Iraq keeps its stability, and as an important producer, continues to bring oil to the markets,
19697 It would appear that ASIO has become something of a self-appointed gatekeeper on foreign investment into Australia. None of this would matter very much if the process was transparent, open and contestable, but it is not.
19698 Liam + Noel = Oasis, millions of excited fans, plus a s *** load of money for the NHS. Fact.
19699 I think people would give you  100 million not to fucking make that record, you know what I mean? They'd just go `yeah, look, here's  100 million quid for the tour and here's another  100 million quid to not make a record like that. '
19700 because [ Noel is} greedy and he loves money
19701 Noel seems to think he'll be throwing me a bone, you know what I mean?
19702 If you don't follow anyone, how do you know when Bonehead's tweeted?
19703 The COVID-19 Crisis and Its Aftermath: Corporate Governance Implications and Policy Challenges
19704 The implied path of policy rates over the forecast period generated by the Quarterly Projection Model indicated three repo rate cuts of 25 basis points each in the second and fourth quarter of 2020, as well as in the third quarter of 2021. Monetary policy can ease financial conditions and improve the resilience of households and firms to the short-term economic implications of Covid-19. Our decision and its magnitude seeks to do this in the near term.
19705 The motorcade of the Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok on Monday morning came under a terrorist attack while en route from his home to the headquarters of the council of ministers,
19706 The first priority of this government is peace,
19707 This agreement will harness our complementary strengths and resources.
19708 We look forward to sharing our Malaysian Hospitality further and provide a truly Malaysian experience for our passengers,
19709 This is also a sign of market confidence in the long term prospect of the economy.
19710 our responsibility now is to continue to be on course and manage the macro's, the fiscals and look at ways to increase revenue to help sustain this investor confidence.
19711 All those affected will receive cash and a fixed deposit, which shall be credited to their account with CBG
19712 We will take the measures together, not by blaming anyone. It is necessary to stay away from strict political polemics in an environment where we live such a painful day,
19713 2019 marked a new flight path for Norwegian as the company changed its strategy to move from growth to profitability. We have achieved our initial goal to save NOK 2.3 billion as part of #Focus 2019 and concluded several positive financial milestones. The focus of returning to profitability will continue as we focus on Program NEXT to build a strong, sustainable and profitable business to benefit our customers, employees and shareholders,
19714 a belief that one will not be punished or humiliated for speaking up with ideas, questions, concerns, or mistakes.
19715 Almost every entity around us wants something from us right now. Every shop wants us to buy something today, every app wants us to check it today.
19716 As a board, we regularly review and evaluate how Twitter is run, and while our CEO structure is unique, so is Jack and so is this company,
19717 will provide a fresh look at our various structures, and report the findings to our Board on an ongoing basis.
19718 Being able to replicate an existing framework, which can then be tailored according to Indonesian needs and geography, will be beneficial for us.
19719 This billion-dollar bump is the result of the Commission applying economic reasoning to limit the size of the acceleration payments to a level below the revenue effect of the accelerated clearing.
19720 To lead to the conclusion that it showed knowledge of a later hack into the DNC was a pretty aggressive conclusion. I just think that by the time the president entered office -- around that time -- it was becoming clear that there was no basis to these allegations -- not just the dossier falling apart, but the information that they were relying [ on ] as to... Papadopoulos.
19721 can explain only part of the loss of property: between a quarter and a third in France and Germany, and at most a few percent in the United Kingdom.
19722 I said anytime, as long as you give (sufficient) funds to Sarawak (to finance efforts to increase food production),
19723 They represent the minister in serving the people, not to interfere with the government,
19724 If, however, this is an attempt to politicize the board's discussion and possibly undermine the chair,
19725 If the firms go bankrupt, this can be durably destructive,
19726 Is it temporary? How many months before a V-shape recovery starts?
19727 one of China's great modern poets.
19728 I meet a lot of people in my job.
19729 recurring each year for the indefinite future
19730 The analytics are growing, undoubtedly. And with technology and data coming, I think the skills required for a coach or a scout of course are changing, and many are able to change with the times and combine both that experience -- that old school, if you will -- and new-school abilities to take advantage of whatever else is out there. It really leaves us no choice,
19731 The signs are that part-time employment will continue to grow,
19732 This will not be the last announcement, as the developments have been extremely dynamic. We will assess the situation to mitigate and minimize the impacts. We cannot eradicate the impacts but we can minimize them for corporations and the public,
19733 To be the public radio station that not only serves the Pikes Peak region in Colorado Springs but also spreads throughout southern Colorado and northern New Mexico really reaches an incredible need and desire for NPR programming and local news, and KRCC at Colorado College has long been filling that need. And this partnership with CPR will give us a chance to deliver even more resources to that audience.
19734 As the Governor said there has been no feed-through into economic data at this stage, but the government is actively monitoring the outbreak, and well prepared for any effect it may have on the UK economy,
19735 The Bank of England will take all the necessary steps to support the UK economy and the financial system through the coronavirus outbreak,
19736 What we are picking up with some of our bigger companies and companies around the world is that supply chains... are getting a little tight. That's lower activity,
19737 Ensure that every financial decision takes climate change into account.
19738 The objective for the private finance work for COP26 is simple,
19739 I think the Bank will want to wait and take stock, see whether the spread of the virus stabilises, see how long it lasts and measure the impact on supply and demand in the economy.
19740 to make sure that every private finance decision takes climate change into account.
19741 Coronavirus is a fast-moving issue.
19742 While we expect the polymer notes to have a longer life, it is too early in the note's lifecycle to yet understand the rate of replacement of polymer notes.
19743 Coal is being pushed out not only by renewable energy, there is an additional price competition with natural gas while carbon emissions permit prices are rising,
19744 I remember reading Olson in either the late 1980s or early 1990s and thinking, `Well, that's interesting, but it doesn't sound like America. We're a vibrant, open society. '
19745 Social media has become a source of information and inspiration for chefs that need training in their own kitchen,
19746 Instead of being bargain hunters, we're going to be thinking about our own safety, while seeking convenience.
19747 Market shifts are forcing beer marketers to think twice about how they have sold beer to Canadians. For example, beer and hockey have always formed a natural, very effective co-branding scheme,
19748 I would say typically dry goods and frozen foods are typically hot sellers whenever there is some `panic buying,
19749 That was a cynical and reprehensible action after what you had just done-taking the life of your newborn child's mother.
19750 The political, economic, and social model of China is going to be appealing to many semi-authoritarian countries,
19751 Iran cannot live with another year of sanctions destroying its economy. Therefore they have to provoke.
19752 We have seen a decrease over the last few years in the retention as well as the graduation rates [ of students with disabilities ], so [ we are ] also enhancing the academic support for this,
19753 We will definitely see an effect on jobs from the coronavirus, and it could be pretty large in leisure and hospitality,
19754 From the Realtor side, we'd like it to be presented as early as possible, even with the contract.
19755 In February we were looking really dumb for the first half of the month,
19756 Overall, it (Budget) was disappointing because they didn't bring out the vision as a first real Budget of a new government. It had to give a vision,
19757 The bank needs to bring people in who have a longer time horizon, are interested in the institution, what it does, and how it goes about shaping development.... It strikes me as absurd to have research delinked from the operational side,
19758 Victor and Emeke were key players during the merger of Standard Trust Bank and UBA and have been valuable contributors to the growth of the bank,
19759 But it's not the only consideration. That's why we don't shut down the economy every flu season. They're ignoring the costs of what they're doing. They also have very little clue how many lives they're saving.
19760 I do not think all apparel production is going to be back in the United States,
19761 It's kind of a backstop,
19762 Right now the public health response is the most important. How effective are they treating people?
19763 The Fed is not going to be the lead policy lever.
19764 That's something he's going to have to promise in a second term.
19765 to overcome income inequality, societal division and the climate crisis.
19766 trustee of the material universe for future generations.
19767 The best way to foster a more cohesive and inclusive society is to provide everybody with a decent job and income. Here in Davos, we are creating a public-private platform to give one billion people the skills they need in the age of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. The scale and urgency of this transformation calls for nothing short of a reskilling revolution,
19768 a whole panoply of issues,
19769 commodity markets are spot assets and must clear the surpluses developing today from weak demand and rising supply.
19770 a bullish development, and while stretched, should lead to higher gold prices in the days/week ahead,
19771 I think you're going to start to see some real problems beginning to develop.
19772 The range of potential scenarios is very large; spanning oil supply shocks or even oil demand destruction -- which would be negative to oil prices. In contrast, history shows that under most outcomes gold will likely rally to well beyond current levels,
19773 The demand damage is happening today, right now.
19774 Czech government gives tops priority to innovations and small modular reactors can be the future of nuclear energy. I am glad EZ has intensive research in this field. Czech nuclear energy research has traditionally been one of the best in the world and the cooperation with GE Hitachi on development of small modular reactors further confirms this position.
19775 Dear Mr. Elman, put the `Plan B' aside. What was the `Plan A' -- I'm curious.
19776 The signing of the phase-one deal would represent a welcome, even if modest, de-escalation of trade hostilities between China and the U.S.,
19777 The stimulus package will comprise of a number of measures. We have to look at the most optimum policy mix that would the support private sector, but at the same time ensure fiscal sustainability of the government continues to be sustained,
19778 The substantial fiscal and OPR will contribute to growth,
19779 We do not look at the latest growth numbers as an indication of success, but we have to look at how the culture is changing,
19780 would be one of them.
19781 That authorities are trying to slow down the spread of the virus with unusual, if sometimes crude, measures also contains a kernel of good news: they are taking the issue very seriously,
19782 The Davos crowd are well respected followers of fashion and love whomever is in power,
19783 The field is open for a medium-sized country to rally a load of other medium-sized countries and smaller countries behind a liberal trade agenda,
19784 The Labor party will be like a mosquito on a nudist beach, they are so many fleshy issues for them to bite into,
19785 the same goes for inflation
19786 Those did not come from our teachers those came from the parent who so willingly gave at the beginning of the school year,
19787 We're getting the `checkmark' not that classic V,
19788 But even by the end of next year I think we are still going to be looking at something like a 6% unemployment rate,
19789 You're saying you're doing all this, but it's not happening.
19790 I think she shows a lack of willingness to show leadership.
19791 are still putting a lot of pressure on the rest of the city council.
19792 we need a political revolution against the billionaire class, an Organizer-in-Chief prepared to build the movement of millions needed to win far-reaching change.
19793 win Medicare for All, to end the racist mass incarceration system, and to win a bold Green New Deal to avoid climate catastrophe.
19794 a good argument for more geographic diversification.
19795 I told the students: `You are doing me a favor to apply my skills to make me feel like I'm making a difference too.' That's what's so great about connecting with students. It made me feel so much better.
19796 in stark contrast to the jump in the services PMI,
19797 exceed everything known in Germany from economic crises or natural disasters in recent decades.
19798 The long-term goal is to make a sustainable platform that will grow the economy,
19799 The wait until June for this grant will, however, be an agonising one for many and I would urge the government to do all they can do bring forward this vital support.
19800 Two years after the collapse of Carillion, government still hasn't made the reforms needed to stop these kinds of corporate collapses happening, with proper oversight by the auditors.
19801 Although it's not the moment now to end the lockdown we need to think about where we are going to be in two, three, four weeks' time and now start looking at that plan,
19802 There would be more hiring, which would also bring up the wage.
19803 U.S. markets have become less competitive,
19804 While many Muslim-majority countries, including Saudi Arabia, have cancelled communal prayers, Pakistan's mosques remain open,
19805 And these have been used for decades,
19806 expected states would put forward a variety of candidates; none would win a national majority in the electoral college; and the election would typically pass to the House of Representatives.
19807 I was afraid that people would think we wanted to attack their way of life, take their cars, impose eco-taxes and limit their access to consumer products,
19808 Send everybody who is be in Ridgeland to jail or kill them before February.
19809 The starkness of the increase in relative death rates by age group that we have seen in other countries is why the UK seeks to protect those aged over 70 years from becoming exposed to Covid-19,
19810 the steps we take to make ourselves safe sometimes lead us into danger
19811 Bounce is filled with music like the music I grew up listening to and playing. It transcends jazz and it feels like the best album I've ever made. It also comes at such a perfect time for me. It expresses my inner soul and the joy of living and making music. It's the most important release of my life.
19812 She thought she had a common cold or allergies... it all started with a fever and nasal congestion,
19813 There's a lot of people that are praying for her, I believe in the power of prayer,
19814 typically make less than minimum wage in the large cities.
19815 Because of my previous experiences, it feels like I have walked in the shoes of many of our callers,
19816 Canadians are at home, fighting isolation and loneliness. We hope #CanadaPerforms will amplify a movement already started with more and more artists turning to online platforms to find audiences, and provide those artists some much needed financial support until they can get up again on stage in front of a live audience,
19817 I would guess the U.S. will hit a peak in deaths in the next two-three weeks, as the doubling time seems to be about two-three days,
19818 It was an assault on me, my reputation, my safety,
19819 most of the impact has already happened ?? migration from the EU has dropped sharply
19820 Over the past five years, innovative companies have already learned to endure some of the lowest prices in the world.
19821 People did not believe that the young people in Oakland's lives were worth saving with a sustained commitment,
19822 reinforcing its primary, original and exclusive jurisdiction over all competition cases.
19823 sixth sense of who is going to replace who.
19824 Small businesses and medium sized businesses who are less able to handle reduced activity for a time, there are things that can help from the fiscal side there,
19825 I've incorporated it as a downside risk to my modal forecast,
19826 They're from almost all positions within our company: From door to our back kitchen. They're the ones making these decisions.
19827 In that setting, progression-free survival, in my opinion, is not enough.
19828 Microsoft, IBM, Google, Amazon, Facebook and Apple are all developing new services and tools ranging from robotic process automation to offering graphics processing units (GPUs) in the cloud,
19829 The coaches really make the decisions on the draft choices. We have to look at what his health is and everything else and see what the alternatives are.
19830 The Trillion Dollar Revolution,
19831 We also expect business investment to rebound as several of the factors that weighed on businesses last year abate.
19832 No one is my enemy, no one is a stranger, I am connected with all,
19833 There is this inherent tradeoff between, on one hand, what's good for the economy, and on the other hand, what's good for people and families,
19834 This acquisition aligns with our strategy to become Africa's gateway to the world and we are excited about the potentials that reside in the East African market,
19835 We shut the country down to deal with something that we neglected for decades.
19836 And we need some clear indications that the government is worried about supply chains and how to maintain them.
19837 It's very early in the game. We don't know how it will unfold.
19838 The Fed's action today is better than nothing, but it's not quite what the doctor ordered,
19839 We couldn't justify asking people to put their lives and their families' lives in potential jeopardy so we could keep our sandwich shop open,
19840 It works beautifully for political messaging,
19841 Other than international travel, I don't know that this is a globalisation question,
19842 They expect to get paid for this, but it is still a pivot to something that is more focused on the national and international issue.
19843 We would go, first, from lockdown to red, where we must still stop doing things we might have done before the crisis. Then to amber, as conditions improve, but we still need to be careful. Eventually, back to green, when medical experts can give the all-clear,
19844 Netflix has just picked up a new spin-off series and I know there have been chats about possibly doing films about it. And I do think that there's a lot more story that can be told with this show if it was done the right way. There's just so much incredible history in the Vikings culture, so who knows?
19845 It certainly doesn't look good for him. I'll tell you that.
19846 Paint in tea, potato in cheese, bleach on the chicken meat... 90% of these are lies,
19847 She viewed status in society as a process of transformation. She was empirical, and her research was important. She was a guide, mentor and friend for the young researchers,
19848 The aspirational growth rate could be between 6.5 per cent to 7 per cent. At this stage it will be difficult to attain nine per cent GDP growth,
19849 There's a systematic selection in favour of people who just do their job, rather than go out of their way to do something selfless.
19850 Unless there is another outbreak or something unexpected, given the general trends today, we expect strong and quick recovery of the domestic travel market,
19851 Early data points over the last week strengthen our confidence that a dramatic slowdown is indeed already underway,
19852 hard to see how the quantified (and properly discounted) economic benefits could in fact exceed the cost.
19853 I think the Fed has been extremely proactive, and Jay Powell and his team have been working really hard and gotten ahead of this and shown they can set up a whole bunch of diverse programs that will help us keep the economy functioning during this shutdown period.
19854 Service comes in a variety of manifestations. I am thankful for those who serve in ways that I am not well equipped. I happen to have an aptitude for operating in, and managing resources during disasters, so this is what I do.
19855 The goal of this event has always been to continue the community's momentum in expanding dialogues, shifting perspectives, and boldly addressing present-day injustices,
19856 They were gracious, classy and paved the way for me to continue to build the company however we want.
19857 We have to bite our lip, because some tenants were demanding, and said `I'm not doing this,' and `I'm not doing that,
19858 A cyber attack on any of the most active US banks that impairs any of those bank's ability to send payments would likely be amplified to affect the liquidity of many other banks in the system. The extent of the amplification would be even greater if the banks respond strategically, which they are likely to do if there is uncertainty about the attack.
19859 At Mitsubishi Motors, we strongly aspire to provide safety and peace of mind to everyone in the City by securing electric power during emergencies utilizing our products and alleviating communities' uncertainties.
19860 He is. Well, oh no, I'm not saying that, I don't, but -- it's a fine line, and it's authoritarianism either way because you just can't enforce it unless you put up a whole --
19861 One last question: Entitlements ever be on your plate?
19862 If one were to strictly go by what the law lays down, there may be a compliance issue and safety risks subject to the grant of completion certificate with regard to these vacant, under-construction projects being converted into quarantine centres,
19863 Stimulation of technology development of the economy. We should endeavor to make a real breakthrough in digitalization of the real sector,
19864 The measures taken by Russia comply with the recommendations of the World Health Organization, are the result of special circumstances and are absolutely temporary,
19865 We are entering a fourth industrial revolution, this is already a digital world,
19866 What we ate, by itself, is important, but it only tells half the story,
19867 You're going to have this [ commercial real estate ] blow up, too, and nobody's even looking at it,
19868 You're sneezing into that draft of air, and it just immediately sucks it down to the floor,
19869 balance between airiness and intensity.
19870 He began the meeting with a strange speech about how the United States is not a perfect country, and the people in that room should be `very mindful of the need for the United States not to always be pointing fingers and lecturing and to be somewhat introspective as we think about these things. '
19871 I don't know. I've got 25 police officers raiding my office looking for your documents.
19872 Our economic growth in the first quarter is likely to drop to 4.9 percent according to our assessment. That's not a doomsday scenario but based on the V-shape scenario that we project.
19873 This will be the second line of defense other than bilateral currency swaps in case we need dollar liquidity,
19874 skepticism with regard to anything derived from government,
19875 So in other words, where's the problem?
19876 The results from the initial conceptual hydrogeological study on the Toral Project are positive, outlining a water management scenario that falls well within acceptable boundaries for mine development in terms of economic viability and environmental management,
19877 I think one very interesting point is, what will happen to your [ oil & gas ] assets if the price of electricity falls to  0.02 or  0.03 per kWh? And why  0.02 or  0.03 per kWh? Because that's probably the price that's required for electricity to make green hydrogen competitive with fossil fuels; replacing fossil fuels in industry with green hydrogen,
19878 I went to the court to seek justice for a free and fair election. I cannot be dancing here that the court has reinstated me as vice president,
19879 pursuing a strategy that is destructive of both shareholder value and the planet,
19880 These citizens are currently undergoing medical treatment in Kazan. Their condition is satisfactory,
19881 We need to think about testing capacity, we need to think about capacity for self-isolation and self-quarantine and a number of other things that we need,
19882 I feel like we need a new term for the kind of unemployment we're going to have,
19883 It enriches industrializing poor countries, impoverishes the semi-affluent majority in rich countries, and greatly adds to the incomes of the top 1 percent on both sides who are managing the arbitrage.
19884 massive impact from the bench yet again
19885 Most Latin American and European countries would be in opposition, and because Maduro has allies like China and Russia, which Noriega never had.
19886 We're seeing the benefits of that today with something like 800,000-plus people going through the gates over two weeks and the Australian Open being bigger and better than ever, and locked in here in Melbourne for many years to come,
19887 What we are hearing from our contacts is that May is going to loom as a large month, in terms of the transition of concern from this being a liquidity issue -- one where we are really talking about cash flows -- to this perhaps translating and transferring into a solvency issue, and whether companies can exist at all,
19888 I am thrilled and privileged to be taking on this hugely important role at the BBC at a crucial time. International trade can be dismissed as dry and complex but globalisation has shaped all our fortunes - for better or worse - in recent years. The new decade is going to be defined by radical changes in trading relationships. I'm looking forward to working with my BBC colleagues to strip away the spin and speculation, to explain to our audiences what lies in store - and exactly what this means for them.
19889 intensive care units, beds and ventilators of the economic system.
19890 Most organizations are trying to show you the largest number possible,
19891 Price or regulate, you don't have to do either one -- but you got to do at least one.
19892 We're used to recessions sort of unfolding... this is just not like that,
19893 When you think about the optimal policy, you really want to see the effect between the economy and epidemiology,
19894 And now the coronavirus has added another layer of very serious concern and I believe the government need to think very carefully what they are going to do.
19895 I think it is on the back burner, frankly. I mean, yes, we're watching everything play out, but it's not the first thing on my mind,
19896 It is not our plan to take a stake in an airline.
19897 There can be some tweaks, but there is no chance of making this a perfect policy tool,
19898 Marc Garneau gets involved when it's appropriate, [ Health Minister ] Patty Hajdu gets involved when it's appropriate,
19899 What they've agreed to do is to negotiate,
19900 She has been such an asset to the Chamber and to the community.
19901 We are particularly committed to supporting ECCAS to seamlessly move into the operational phase of the AfCFTA and together with you, we would like to push for the swift ratification of the trade agreement by member States of the subregion who are yet to do so,
19902 The main reason why we are here is that we are supposed to launch what we are calling at the United Nations a decade of action from 2020 to 2030. We would like that no African is left behind as we try to develop so that there is prosperity for all,
19903 well-being and GDP were lined up. And so we've got it in our heads that GDP is a really good indicator of overall well-being.
19904 At the same time, the changes taking place will allow us to grow our talent pipeline in order to implement our strategic plan with the vision of becoming a distinctive world-class investment house,
19905 In the near-term, we expect subscriber growth to come primarily from outside the U.S., with the next meaningful phase of domestic subscriber growth likely to coincide with the release later this calendar year of highly anticipated original content, including episodic series from Marvel and season two of `The Mandalorian, '
19906 It is still far too early to be able to carry out a serious analysis of the economic effects of the coronavirus,
19907 Naturally, that's just the size of the cohort.
19908 policymakers who take an inordinate wait-and-see approach will look to have been heavy-footed and complacent in retrospect.
19909 Tinawagan ko kanina ang regional director sa Bicol, ang sabi niya less than five percent lang, hindi naman ganun kadami,
19910 defines the components and guiding principles
19911 a proliferation of state and local energy mandates and regulations
19912 By the same token, it was also utterly anticipated.
19913 Companies will see their revenues sink and indebted firms will have trouble securing cash, so governments are making the right responses,
19914 Congress should subpoena Dr. Doom Fauci's phone records and see how many times he has called Hillary in the past 60 days,
19915 could have an effect downward on prices,
19916 disruptive and mutually reinforcing events. Significant economic pain seems unavoidable in all countries,
19917 no longer ignore the strong economic case for restoring nature
19918 can do a lot better no doubt
19919 Der Rcktritt von @akk ist folgerichtig. Sie ist nie wirklich @CDU - Vorsitzende gewesen. Die #CDU ist aktuell nicht regierungsfhig
19920 less than one half of one percent of Harvard's.
19921 The book will close on this, but not right away.
19922 The J-PAL study reinforces earlier evidence that compulsory biometric authentication severely disrupted the PDS in Jharkhand, with dire consequences for many poor households. Unfortunately, none of this evidence seems to affect the central government's determination to impose this technology across the country
19923 This is at its root a global health crisis that is entirely different than what we've seen before,
19924 This is the internal migration pattern in Utah,
19925 We want to help people in the community and join with other religious organizations to provide homes for those in need,
19926 We will listen and address the concerns of other marginalized communities on this campus, instead of waiting for some hate crime to occur to address their needs.
19927 We've had a number of American chains that have come to Australia and some of them have been successful and some of them have not,
19928 A remarkable array of experimental data has now amply demonstrated the importance of the microbiota in age-related brain diseases.
19929 I think I just have to learn my trade, especially as a centre-half. It is what you do off the ball.
19930 If verified when the data are released, there are at least two plausible explanations for this alarming reversal for India's poor: the demonetisation and the introduction of the GST. Both transient shocks, but costly.
19931 It must reflect deep pessimistic things in the society.
19932 That is, when each type of facility is designed and constructed, there is a set schedule to keep each dam, road or bridge in a state of good repair,
19933 Ultimately we do think that the plan announced in October ($60B per month, not-QE program targeting the short end of the curve) and that we are implementing, will get reserves up to the ample level. Once we get to that point, certainly we would not be expecting to have ongoing large repo operations as necessary.
19934 We really want to try to preserve the relationship between firms and their workers,
19935 I think it's almost better that you don't have a Jimmer and you're still successful,
19936 The unspoken truth is that the novel (COVID-19) coronavirus provides a pretext to powerful financial interests and corrupt politicians to trigger the entire World into a spiral of mass unemployment, bankruptcy, extreme poverty and despair.
19937 We are also open to facilitating the granting of cross-border liquidity waivers at the solo level to the extent possible within the current legislative framework.
19938 But this urban happiness advantage evaporates and sometimes turns negative for cities in high-income countries, suggesting that the search for happiness may well be more fruitful when looking to live in more rural areas.
19939 Investing in transparency now will break the vicious cycle of distrust and lack of government accountability in the region,
19940 That enables us to save money by targeting the field force at those places from which we have not had a response,
19941 He was a soldier in the First World War and fought at the Somme in 1917-1918 so he was fortunate to make it home alive,
19942 Helping seniors, the greatest generation, remain healthy and resilient is priority one right now,
19943 People shouldn't take it for granted that there is time to connect with them later, particularly older family members,
19944 The coronavirus is something that knows no borders and is far more diversified than any supply chain. That's why you're seeing pretty pronounced effects reverberating,
19945 to the tune of a $50-billion fall in exports across the world.
19946 We are providing food to over 40,000 people every day through our kitchen.
19947 Will the government regret that it didn't save money in early 2020? Or will it regret that we let a viral infection kill millions of people, which also, by the way, led to the death of a lot of great companies? It's pretty obvious what the worst-case scenario is. You want to err on the side of saving lives.
19948 And clearly these values aren't anywhere close to zero. In fact, they're giant.
19949 This is substantial for a single storm,
19950 calls for an average growth rate of about 9 per cent in real terms over the six-year period from 2019-20 to 2024-25. With growth below 5 per cent in 2019-20, and only a slow recovery expected next year, achieving an average of 9 per cent for the period as a whole is simply not credible. We will certainly get to $5 trillion, but it will be a few years later,
19951 So, what I am saying about the drop in poverty relates to the new poverty line. You know, at that time, somehow there was unwillingness on part of the political class, not just within the Congress, but across the board... didn't want to accept the fact that poverty had fallen.
19952 Maybe, some of them thought that it looks as if we are understating the importance of poverty. That is not true. Because I had told myself that `look, all we are saying is that poverty has fallen. We are not saying that poverty has disappeared' .
19953 COVID-19 creates major concerns over global supply chain and consumer spending,
19954 doing what it is supposed to do, and that is, have some challenges.
19955 hard to imagine that you would go negative to, say, minus 5%.
19956 Many of the media publishers felt that this was a really important issue, that if we understood more about how the ad tech market worked and people had much more visibility about where the money went, the value for money that might help news media publishers who have a very clear product against which to advertise,
19957 If ever there was a time to expedite digital innovation, this is it,
19958 That's what the U.S. does. We're a service-sector economy,
19959 The Congress leaders have to be very careful about what they speak and what they do, as the BJP will always try to polarise and communalise things,
19960 It didn't not happen suddenly but was done at the behest of some people. We know who these people are. I am making a direct allegation that the HRD Minister and the Home Minister were involved. This was State-sponsored goondaism,
19961 The Nehruvian stamp on the Congress comes only after the death of Sardar Patel in 1950,
19962 We do not oppose this visit of foreign envoys. But when our own politicians are not allowed to go to Jammu and Kashmir to meet people there, what is the purpose of taking foreign envoys there?
19963 Menon wrote to Nehru, asking him not to create Kerala because it will become a bastion of Communists!
19964 The violent incident that occurred in JNU was not a sudden development, but was planned. Everyone knows who was behind this violence,
19965 What is your story of development, progress, social justice... this is what is required. And there should be absolute honesty and clarity on what you say and what you do....
19966 In bits and pieces... not in its entirety,
19967 The highest percentage of children receiving adequate diet was in Puducherry (31%) and Tamil Nadu (31%),
19968 The Italian economy is not growing,
19969 The program has brought together a broad and unique partnership to tackle this challenge by promoting the sustainable management of fishery resources and ecosystem-based practices, with some outstanding results. We hope to expand this initiative to continue safeguarding our marine biodiversity and contributing to the global goals and aspirations of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the post-2020 Global Biodiversity Framework,
19970 The US failure to persuade Europe, including the UK, on Huawei is in many ways a repeat of The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, but with potentially far graver consequences.
19971 All major economies have been hit almost at once by impact of the coronavirus and it's done damage to global supply chains in manufacturing and even more to people-based industries like education and tourism.
19972 [ I was shocked at ] how loyal the American cast was and how open-minded they were,
19973 All major economies have been hit almost at once by [ the ] impact of the coronavirus and it's done damage to global supply chains in manufacturing and even more to people-based industries like education and tourism.
19974 camera traps identifying the images on the hardware itself
19975 Recent events in Sudan have been remarkable,
19976 That momentous change created the environment for me and many others to come, to help build a new nation.
19977 This decision, to a large extent, can contribute to ending the international isolation of Sudan and helping to a great extent in the peace and economic recovery,
19978 I decided to form an investigative committee in the events that occurred on February 20-21.
19979 The fire had the potential to spread with the dry grass so it was lucky the conditions were quite calm at the time and we were able to contain it.
19980 This crisis is brought upon by a virus, not any dumb action. My advice has been to have a federal payroll tax holiday. There's a great incentive for people to not stop working and costs to firms have been reduced a great deal.... Free markets are most essential in times of crisis. That is when you take your hands off the wheel and let markets steer. However, it is in times of crisis that most governments do something stupid.... Whenever people make decisions when they are either panicked or drunk, the consequences are rarely attractive.... When I was with Reagan in 87 my motto was... don't just stand there, undo something.
19981 Whenever politicians make decisions, whether they are panicked or drunk, the consequences are rarely attractive,
19982 We will keep organizing and we will win the biggest possible Amazon Tax based on the strength of our movement.
19983 You are obliged to act urgently under your emergency powers, which the Seattle City Council granted with a vote last week,
19984 By approving this resolution, the Seattle City Council will show that the city's legislative body will stand with the widespread protest movement, courageously facing brutal police repression throughout the country against the National Register of Citizens (the NRC) and the Citizenship Amendment Act (the CAA), which in tandem with each other, threaten to strip away the basic rights of hundreds of millions of people
19985 on all publicly owned or private property within the City of Seattle.
19986 Our movement is picking up steam!
19987 Would like to thank HRH Sheikh Muhammed Bin Zayed Al-Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces for announcing $200mn support to Pakistan after meeting with Prime Minister Imran Khan,
19988 To this end, we will establish a joint working group that will provide recommendations on tax harmonisation to be approved by the CCI by end-March and will be incorporated in the FY21 budget
19989 Prime Minister Imran Khan has taken note of the situation and Shaikh has also given directives for the release of Rs15 billion in refunds,
19990 We are also going to do away with the CVT [ capital value tax ],
19991 As we deal with it as best we can, we also need to look to the other side when things will recover. When we do get to that other side, all those fundamentals that have made Australia such a successful and prosperous country will still be there,
19992 Over recent decades, the Reserve Bank practice has been to target the cash rate, which forms the anchor point for the risk-free yield structure,
19993 It's important we don't catastrophise here,
19994 Purchases of Government bonds... will be conducted.
19995 I think the period of effectiveness of monetary policy is coming to an end. If you cut another 25 or 50 basis points [ from interest rates ] it's not going to have much effect on the real economy. But it will egg up asset prices, particularly property prices, which is not a good thing,
19996 BORING SNOOZER WILLOW THE WISP (sic)
19997 My pal thinks Freddie Mercury's better looking than you. Tell her she's wrong,
19998 Keep your eyes peeled and ears open 31st January something very special for you all LG x (sic)
19999 I'm absolutely thrilled to have Eric Cantona, the last rock'n roll footballer, star in my video for Once,
20000 I don't give a s ** t. I'm quite happy to be doing this.
20001 Wash your hands, scrub your toes, scratch your a ** e and pick your nose. C'mon you know.
20002 dismantling the international system,
20003 The key measuresin the coming weeks will be social distancing, self-isolation, quarantine, shelter in place, and other measures to shut down, deliberately and systematically -- if well done -- key parts of social and economic life,
20004 a lack of clarity about the long-term direction
20005 under threat because of the United States.
20006 Either you shut off the economy now and have people staying at home, or you let this thing rip and you have people staying at home scared,
20007 (Grandsons Gavin Cox and Austin Glass) were emotional all week and struggled with the first time they had to dance on stage without their papaw in the audience. After their first dance, tears poured as they knew they had managed to compete at the highest level through their hard emotions of the week. (Terry's wife) JoAnn came mid-day, before the dance-off. Her raw emotions and support of the kids drove them to dance their best.
20008 So, this is the main issue.
20009 I am talking with several governments and international financial institution leaders because they are all busy designing stimulus programs for the economy,
20010 No energy company will be unaffected by clean energy transitions. Every part of the industry needs to consider how to respond. Doing nothing is simply not an option.
20011 There will be huge strains on the financial balance of major producers as the collapse in oil prices brings their revenues down to historic lows,
20012 Tens of millions of people are going to lose their jobs. In just one example, we have calculated that in the refinery sector and petrol stations alone, around 50 million people are employed, and they're supporting families totaling 250 million people, and most of them will lose their jobs if it continues like this.
20013 Today, 3 billion people in the world are locked down. As a result of that we may well see sometime throughout this year demand to fall down, as some say, about 20 million barrels per day,
20014 Rather than compounding the tragedy by allowing it to hinder clean-energy transitions, we need to seize the opportunity to help accelerate them.
20015 A large part of these emissions can be brought down relatively quickly and easily,
20016 reason that recent incidents we have seen -- with the Iranian general killed, Libya unrest -- didn't boost international oil prices.
20017 In the current crisis, Iraq's oil revenues will struggle to break $2.5 billion per month,
20018 Subsidies always work better if they are targeted, if the person who is vulnerable is identified and receives that subsidy directly,
20019 Last time we met parliamentarians, we spoke about how policies are being missed `Nicodemously' ... or how they see the light of day without Parliament having agreed to it,
20020 So we are certainly more optimistic this year than last year, but we continue to watch the weather. It is a part of the story: Better weather is what we expect,
20021 On the specific question about the bond notes, I do not know where that came from. There is a very clear monetary policy statement which I was actually repeating that at the moment, our highest note is $5 and we will proceed to issue higher denomination notes $10, $20 and maybe eventually $50. It is very clear and that is what I said,
20022 We believe are on our way to deal with inflation. It will take time, but we are headed there,
20023 This is a crisis like no other. Never in the history of the IMF have we witnessed the world economy coming to a standstill.
20024 Like everyone else around the world, we have been deeply concerned by the evolving situation of the Coronavirus and the human tragedy surrounding it,
20025 far worse than the recession of 2008,
20026 With weak health systems to begin with, many face the dreadful challenge of fighting the virus in densely populated cities and poverty-stricken slums, where social distancing is hardly an option,
20027 This last week, very good progress has been made in the discussions with the Ukrainian authorities on the new Extended Fund Facility (EFF) arrangement. Adoption of legislation to improve the bank resolution framework and on land reform would allow moving forward quickly with finalizing the parameters of the new arrangement, with larger access than previously envisaged.
20028 For example, coming with the unified tax system, and the demonetisation took place. These are steps that over time are beneficial, but of course they might be somewhat disruptive over short term,
20029 Japan, the UK, France, Australia and Canada made firm commitments to contribute $11.7 billion to boost the IMF aid to poor countries,
20030 stands ready to mobilize its $1-trillion lending capacity to help our membership,
20031 The coronavirus is our most pressing uncertainty: a global health emergency we did not anticipate in January. It is a stark reminder of how a fragile recovery could be threatened by unforeseen events,
20032 sheer geographic spread of the epidemic around the world,
20033 threaten to cast a long shadow over global commerce.
20034 We now have travel, tourism and manufacturing in China, and a little beyond China in Asia, being impacted.
20035 the first task is to put the economy at the service of the people,
20036 Dating is a place that really is still incredibly unequal,
20037 There's a conversation I keep having. I meet an amazing young woman. We talk about her career and goals. She's full of plans and energy. Then we talk about her relationship -- and the vibe changes,
20038 In the world of tech we compete for every minute of your attention. Every day you pick up your phone, I mean my kids pick up the phone and they're on TikTok,
20039 What is your core business, and what is the core service you're providing?
20040 Netflix Vacation Policy and Tracking: there is no policy or tracking. There is also no clothing policy at Netflix, but no one comes to work naked.
20041 Equality at work depends on equality at home, and that starts with equality in dating. Equality is romantic.
20042 WHO, CDC -- we're putting a lot of messages at the top of the newsfeed.
20043 Women still represent only 5 percent of Fortune 500 CEOs. And more worrisome is that the number has been stagnant for a decade. What hasn't changed fast enough is our acceptance and encouragement of female leadership. That's goes for all of us -- parents, teachers, managers, society, everyone.
20044 We want to do our part too. Small businesses are the heartbeat of our communities, and many of the people who run these businesses are heavily affected by the crisis -- especially as more and more people sensibly stay home,
20045 inspired by true events. But is not documentary. And it was never purported to be.
20046 It is not documentary. And it was never purported to be.
20047 To me, humor is such a powerful weapon. It is an antidote, it is a medicine for people who for so long have felt so persecuted, for generations have felt displaced or otherized in some way. I think Jewish wit and Jewish humor is so inherent in our culture and it's in part a defense mechanism, so I wanted the experience of the show to mirror all of those things,
20048 And so to be able to show a Jewish superhero with might, with power, with strength, not just a Jew who is as the media often portrays us, as ineffectual or intellectual only or nebbishy... that was so important to me.
20049 That was the only way I could try to understand her stories -- her heroism, her boldness, her defiance.
20050 keeping the memory of victims and survivors like my grandmother, Sara Weil, alive,
20051 Why did I feel this scene was important to script and place in series?
20052 Moreover, they will likely be slow to ramp up their operations, fearful of the implications if they move too quickly and their workers get sick,
20053 There is a boatload of stimulus coming, and I do think it is big enough to offset the demand shock,
20054 It won't be until the second half of the year, when the virus has presumably passed, that the economy will slowly get back up and running.
20055 In the 80's and 90's, early 2000's, energy stocks were a much larger part of the stock market pie,
20056 Recently, it hasn't. He's in fact, as of late, done less to instil confidence and more to upset investors. They don't view his actions as very productive in terms of this crisis. It's worked against him.
20057 Given COVID-19, it is even more questionable. President Trump has suggested that the federal government will cut another check to hard-pressed U.S. farmers to make up for the losses,
20058 Not just in the UK but around the world. And that means UK exports and that means better jobs and higher incomes over time.
20059 comprehensive and timely package of measures to help U.K. businesses and households bridge across the economic disruption that is likely to be associated with COVID-19.
20060 There are those who will be out front in the transition and those who lag. And that's different than a binary green-good, everything else brown-bad,
20061 Over the past year it too has slowed as uncertainty about the overall economic outlook has become more entrenched.
20062 This is a big package. It is a big deal. It will have real economic effects, but also acting across the world and in a coordinated manner with the government in a way that makes it clear that we are going to bridge a situation, as opposed to allowing it to be turned into something worse.
20063 I can't recall the last time we have gone into a BoE monetary policy decision with the market as divided on what the outcome will be. This is certainly not akin to the way in which either the Fed or the ECB like to go into a monetary policy decision,
20064 an economic shock that could prove sharp and large, but should be temporary
20065 That changes the negotiating dynamics for Canada. If we're getting this tariff-free access for a year, do we really want to negotiate for it?
20066 What we can't have is a financial sector that ignores the problem.
20067 huge swaths of investment.
20068 the creation of a CBDC poses a number of opportunities, it could raise significant challenges for maintaining monetary and financial stability
20069 To seize it, all financial decisions need to take into account the risks from climate change and the opportunities from the transition to a net-zero economy,
20070 This isn't something we haven't seen before and it isn't something we can't weather.
20071 To clarify, I am confident the president will do the right thing in temporarily shutting down the country and closing the borders,
20072 What we're trying to do is make some common sense adjustments to the schedule, to our operations, to take precautionary measures to limit the risk of spreading any virus,
20073 This is the time like none other, in Maryland, a place with some of the best global resources on these issues, that we have to be with one another, united, standing firm, and acting in a smart fashion to make sure that every member of our community feels comfortable, protected, and that we are doing things that are reasonable to protect Maryland's future.
20074 While the idea of Cooperatives is not new to Bermuda, we want to get it out to a wider audience and increase adoption. We believe that the lineup of events that we have created here will help with that
20075 You may have to reach difficult decisions to change or even cancel plans to ensure your own well-being and timely return to Madison.
20076 As the price stays down and people start driving again, that will be a net benefit for the economy. However, in the oil producing regions we are going to see a pretty massive macro-economic hit,
20077 Daylight saving time isn't a pain, but what the real pain is is that the Earth has a tilt to it, when the winter comes the length of days change, so unless you're right on the equator, that is the fundamental problem we have to deal with every year.
20078 If you run into a system that is conspicuously malfunctioning and raises questions about the reliability and credibility of the system, this is not only going to impact the sustainability of the growth but also equally the capacity to attract significant amount of foreign investment.
20079 We are on a path to considerable progress and success, but we have ground to cover and we have got still unfulfilled dreams to realise. I hope that the centenary year and the 50th year of independence will create opportunities for setting us in that direction,
20080 Lets see if the new government wants to engage with the international sector.
20081 My friend, the Finance Minister Tito Mboweni is a man who says things that are true even when they are unpopular,
20082 Part of the goal now is to offer the kind of lending and making sure the financial markets stay liquid and making sure they stay on a firm foundation and then bridging people from the economy, which in February looked very good... so that when we get to the other side of this... the economy and economic activity can come back,
20083 That's one of the great things about the U.S. economy, is it does have this resiliency to it,
20084 If people are temporarily staying home, not traveling, not interacting and purchasing things, that could be a short-term hit,
20085 But you need to have some kind of evidence that, if you've changed your outlook, why have you changed your outlook.
20086 I never thought of myself as a hawk. I thought of myself as trying to balance risk over a longer horizon.
20087 Coronavirus is a big risk. We have to see how that plays out,
20088 We use words like that, and they are open to interpretation.
20089 The bill was dead on arrival,
20090 The virus can't survive long on seats or armrests, so physical contact with another person carries the greatest risk of infection on a flight,
20091 Sadly this is being investigated as a fatal collision and our thoughts are with the family of the man who died.
20092 There's thousands and thousands of people who are putting solar panels on their home in the United States, so they seem to think it's a good idea, but yet there's still millions and millions of people like me who don't have solar panels,
20093 These families are coming regardless of what we do,
20094 Some of our existing customers have told us that they have been trying to piece these things together from multiple vendors at once, and we will be able to do that for them,
20095 This has always been the case in history. Ford lost to Carter after the 1973 oil shock, Carter lost to Reagan due to the second oil crisis in 1979, and Bush lost to Clinton after the Kuwait invasion.
20096 If there's full-scale war, there's regime change not in Iran but in the U.S.,
20097 We believe a recession will produce a significant default rate affecting the (high yield) companies we are short far more than the (investment grade) companies we are long,
20098 we have an administration that's been delighted to have trade wars.
20099 a repercussion at the aggregate level.
20100 But preparation for more serious challenges is necessary.
20101 People are buying a lot of foodstuffs now, but in fact, there is no problem. We have a very stable supply situation. We monitor the situation with retail chains. The most important thing is that we monitor the average cost of the grocery basket for each region. We receive this information online, this is not some sort of statistical data,
20102 All the preparatory work was carried out by us as expeditiously as possible. Within a day, we formed the necessary changes to the legislation and the very next day, March 26 - we discussed them at a government meeting,
20103 feel real changes for the better
20104 the geolocation data from the mobile providers for a specific person
20105 We can spend funds of the National Wealth Fund on such payback projects already this year, as the President stressed in his Address to the Federal Assembly, this year,
20106 Disciplined discretion means a system of commitments to publicly clarify the intent and stance of monetary policy with respect to the announced goal on an ongoing basis, but freedom to set policy so long as those commitments are met,
20107 dysfunctional Thanksgiving dinner, or something, where you come in and everybody knows what everybody else has got to say.
20108 When a crisis begins, the only asset you have is your credibility.
20109 Let me flip it the other way, a test at a point in time is just that, it's a test in a point in time, it may actually reinforce behaviours that we don't wish to see reinforced over social distancing, i.e people not following the advice, if they go along have a test and then are reassured it is all fine. I think there is a very real risk of that.
20110 to redistribute income and wealth from the rich to the poor
20111 was purely inspired by Lexus LF30 Electrified, as he was the interior designer for this project,
20112 ... I also wanted to be able to work as much as I can handle right now, with everything that's going on at home. And I wanted to figure out a way that I could do both those things.
20113 OK but hear me out in this scene i guess she is trying to say that there nothing new if a woman take cares and nourishes her child but when a man does that he is extraordinary and the greatest dad,
20114 2020 Democrats on defensive as Trump capitalizes on Soleimani killing.
20115 Of all the debates this year, I found it to be the most boring,
20116 a vehicle for public policy,
20117 It is already clear that the answer must involve a significant increase in public debt. The loss of income incurred by the private sector -- and any debt raised to fill the gap -- must eventually be absorbed, wholly or in part, on to government balance sheets. Much higher public debt levels will become a permanent feature of our economies and will be accompanied by private debt cancellation.
20118 Banks must rapidly lend funds at zero cost to companies prepared to save jobs,
20119 Communities that don't want ADUs won't build them and communities that want them already have them. They're just not licensed,
20120 This is a good economy.
20121 It's a supply crisis.... We don't build enough units,
20122 Due to Covid-19, India's GDP growth rate will take a hit and may come down to 2.1 per cent from 4.5 per cent... India should release an economic package which should not be less than 5 per cent of its GDP soon,
20123 I still retain control and we're not doing anything different than before,
20124 is key for the development of every economy and we believe that if we can all work together and improve power, it will propel growth in our country seriously.
20125 The biggest economic hit on a monthly basis will likely be in the month of April,
20126 The projected recovery for global growth remains uncertain. It continues to rely on recoveries in stressed and underperforming emerging market economies.
20127 The fiscal situation in India is `challenging' and the country will certainly breach the 3.4 per cent deficit target,
20128 The world needs a healthy recovery. It needs a strong recovery. And that will not come about if the world de-globalizes because that would severely reduce productivity in the world,
20129 However this recovery is not guaranteed. This could be worse if the pandemic lasts longer,
20130 The output loss associated with this health emergency and related containment measures likely dwarfs the losses that triggered the global financial crisis,
20131 Some risks have partially receded with the announcement of a U.S.-China Phase I trade deal and lower likelihood of a no-deal Brexit.
20132 Broad-based fiscal stimulus can help boost aggregate demand but would be more effective once business operations begin to normalise,
20133 We expect a broad-based sharp decline in output in March that will likely worsen in April and May as authorities take ever more restrictive steps to contain the spread of COVID-19. As our base case, we now assume drops in quarterly GDP [ gross domestic product ] by 2.0% qoq [ quarter-on-quarter ] in the Eurozone and by 1.1% in the UK,
20134 The Italian measures -- and the possibility that other parts of Europe may move in the same direction in coming weeks -- are likely to weigh significantly further on confidence in the near term,
20135 Germany's attractiveness as a site for investment is gradually falling away, because economic policy is becoming less favourable
20136 At least for the months March to May, the drop in economic output in much of Europe is likely to exceed that seen from September 2008 to April 2009, possibly by a significant margin,
20137 disproportionately benefit from an acquisition of HP by Xerox at a price that undervalues HP.
20138 You have a bunch of mortgages... so the banks went out and loaned money against a lot of shopping malls, office buildings, hotels and retail,
20139 It's all credible institutions doing it again.
20140 Even the big moves that we're seeing right now in Congress are not going to be enough,
20141 Find the culprits and fine them!
20142 had been addressed at some level,
20143 The reason for sailing into those weather conditions was what? To make money. That's why cruise ships sail into those conditions,
20144 We were very optimistic then,
20145 I think you could criticise the government here for being a little slow in beginning the process of cleaning up of the bank Non-Performing Assets (NPAs). The problem was known actually by 2013...
20146 RIL reports $110 billion in assets and 2.5 lakh employees and employs five workers for each $2.2 million in assets. India's largest apparel exporter Shahi Exports has assets worth $185 million and employs 106,000 workers. So it employs 1,260 workers for every $2.2 million in assets.... Jobs that Shahi creates are what India needs today.
20147 Isn't it true that depositions of the three witnesses in the Clinton trial were completed in only one day each? And isn't it true that the Chief Justice as presiding officer in this trial has the authority to resolve any claims of privilege or other witness issues without any delay.
20148 There are currently 53 Republican senators and only 47 Democrats,
20149 Capitalizing on this opportunity to open a new and substantial market for United States poultry exports would greatly benefit domestic businesses while maintaining food safety standards supported by sound science.
20150 The rules will cause significant damage to the environment without providing any of the purported safety and economic benefits the Trump Administration has cited as the reason for the rule,
20151 I asked them to pray for wisdom for us, to have the knowledge on what is the right thing to do. And I asked them to pray that... we would have the courage to do what we know to be right.
20152 It's like nothing we have ever seen before,
20153 would have brought any economy, weak or strong, to its knees,
20154 So we need to get out substantial additional aid to the states to make sure that doesn't happen, that would massively delay the recovery.
20155 The Causes and Consequences of Inequality,
20156 We're actually favoring non-U.S. equities over U.S. equities, specifically like in emerging markets in Europe,
20157 If the whole south collapses, the rich north ceases to exist,
20158 is like tribute that Americans have to pay to a foreign power.
20159 That's a heavy, heavy lift... [ But ] if we don't do it, then we have to wait for something to break very badly before we make a change. I'm hoping we can get there before things break very badly.
20160 the number of new active cases looks to be peaking globally, projections of cumulative fatalities and peak healthcare usage are coming down, and even actual new hospitalizations in hard-hit New York City have fallen sharply.
20161 The response in Europe needs to be scaled up, via greater (and ideally centrally funded) scal easing and a more unconditional `whatever it takes' commitment to the integrity of the euro area,
20162 there is a fair amount of variation in terms of how stringent the lock downs have been.
20163 make it more resilient to these sorts of things.
20164 The economy is pretty good,
20165 We've got to look through these numbers, look through the tragedy of the next few weeks, think about how we're going to restart our lives, think about how we're going to deal with the new normal and think about how we're going to restart America.
20166 We've got a curveball with this coronavirus. I think that's a big deal. If you look at what happened in 2003, estimates ranged 0.5% to 2% in GDP for China, half a percent for Southeast Asia,
20167 You shouldn't be able to make money this easy,
20168 according top priority to liquidate the wage and material arrears
20169 This is ridiculous for a scheme which supports the most vulnerable,
20170 deep and pervasive misunderstandings about what makes for a strong economy
20171 Democracy is harder to manage but if done well during times of crisis, it becomes a source of great strength,
20172 for the first time in the last hundred years, the top 400 richest Americans have paid lower tax rates than the working class.
20173 Global growth is likely to be impacted in a meaningful way due to fears of the coronavirus,
20174 There is a red line in the calendar,
20175 The U.S., however, is both a huge oil producer and a consumer,
20176 I've been writing about the U.S. economy every day since 1996, and this is the single worst data point I've ever seen, by far,
20177 The trade war hit to business capex and especially the imposition of tariffs on an array of Chinese consumer goods on September 1 are likely to blame for the import collapse,
20178 Very bad, but worse to come. Further big drops are likely in April, because lockdowns began to bite hard only in mid-March, so roughly half the month was largely unaffected by the virus crisis,
20179 It's like a vicious cycle. Then, in adulthood, people living in the Ville are much more likely to be diagnosed with asthma, obesity or diabetes, which are all major risk factors in this pandemic.
20180 Lifting restrictions now is a step in the right direction but it will not solve the immediate crisis.
20181 The banking system is strong, and it is essential that the banks know how to find a balance between responsible credit policy and the financing needs of the economy, particularly in relation to the business sector, with an emphasis on small and mid-sized businesses,
20182 I hope that once we have a government, it can start addressing these fields,
20183 The key issue is that investors don't know the duration and severity of this shock,
20184 It still remains to be seen on enforcement of the exchange rate component and the deal overall,
20185 You don't think about a sudden dropoff in people driving, airlines flying and even truck driving.
20186 $1.2 trillion in pure terms is going to cover about two to three weeks of economic activity.
20187 We know there are many people who want to be with their families and loved ones during this difficult time. We are thankful to the Australian Government, airports and staff for their support in helping us to add additional flights to get people home, and in particular, to bring flights to Brisbane. We continue to operate around 150 daily flights to more than 70 cities worldwide. Sometimes governments put in place restrictions that mean we simply cannot fly to a country. We are working closely with governments around the world, and wherever possible we will reinstate or add more flights.
20188 We will fly as long as it is necessary and we have requests to get stranded people to their homes, provided the airspace is open and the airports are open,
20189 The timing of this years' summit is perfect to engage in fruitful discussions and constructive debate. More than ever, our industry continues to show great levels of resilience in the face of adversity and disruption. At the same time, we remain a positive and constructive voice in improving regulatory frameworks across regions, especially in the areas of sustainability and air liberalization
20190 without taking into cognizance the unprecedented COVID-19 crisis
20191 She is saying this is something the GST Council is deciding. That's a collective body led by the Centre. The honourable Finance Minister chairs the GST Council. So she cannot put it on somebody else,
20192 ... even if he consistently unplugs his charger for a year, the resulting reduction in carbon-dioxide emissions will be equivalent to less than one-half of one-thousandth of the average person's annual CO2 emissions in the United Kingdom,
20193 If our estimate of inflation and the economic situation require [ it ], the key rate may be set beneath the lower bound of the neutral range. This will mean [ a ] loose monetary policy.
20194 Our new Garlic Parmesan Crust is unlimited on the buffet and will add even more variety that our guests crave,
20195 There is no sharp discontinuity, and we never stated otherwise.
20196 The policy response needs to be massive,
20197 if you have a lot of aircraft carriers, you don't hold them back
20198 But of course there is going to be a sharp slowdown. It's really hard to imagine there won't be. I think the rest of the world is going to be worse.
20199 We have a lot of examples of the presumed criminality of black men in general. And then we have the advice to go out in public in something that... can certainly be read as being criminal or nefarious, particularly when applied to black men.
20200 And it's going to get worse before it gets better. But it's not fair. And that's what I think should be urgently at the top of the agenda of the policymakers from coal country, and they're not, in my opinion.
20201 Business owners -- both leasers and landlords -- are worried as everyone has bills to pay,
20202 Broadly speaking, there are three big challenges,
20203 I congratulate Somalia for embracing important reforms that can do much to encourage sustainable poverty reduction, and I thank our international partners who have worked with us to bring Somalia to this important stage. We are glad to have worked closely with the Federal Government of Somalia in assisting their progress over the past few years and look forward to opportunities for greater World Bank Group support for the Somali people.
20204 This fast action to reduce the spread of COVID-19 and we already have health response operations moving forward in over 65 countries,
20205 We have witnessed the world economy coming to a standstill. We are now in recession. It is way worse than the global financial crisis,
20206 China has its own large international reserves,
20207 It's essential that we shorten the time to recovery,
20208 In a year or two we should be in a significantly better position.
20209 In that case, other measures to increase policy space, including raising the inflation target, might be necessary,
20210 if all goes well, in a year or two, we should be in a substantially better position.
20211 The U.S. economy will recover and within a few years will show only modest marks of this experience,
20212 There's a complicated web of interactions we don't often think about that's all part of the food-supply chain: truckers, rail cars, shipping, plant workers,
20213 During the fourth quarter, the five largest stocks in the S&P 500 (Facebook FB, -0.14%, Amazon AMZN, +0.67%, Apple AAPL, +1.45%, Microsoft MSFT, +0.30%, Google owner Alphabet GOOGL, +0.36%) posted an average earnings surprise of +20%, compared with just 4% for the average S&P 500 company. Any weakness to these and other companies would likely push earnings estimates lower,
20214 the impact of the coronavirus on earnings may well be under-estimated in current stock prices, suggesting that the risks of correction are high
20215 I am fortunate to be able to grasp this complexity through my permanent encounters, and my added value for my discussion partners is that I can serve as a source for them.
20216 I think both voices are necessary,
20217 I'd love to be a unicorn. Kate and Ben chatted about The Masked Singer on GMB
20218 He hosts the show with that look that says `I have no idea what it is about' . We have no idea what it's about either!
20219 For Manchester United, the partnership enables us to bring Mondelz's popular products to our fans and enhances our ability to continue investing on the pitch,
20220 Khan has continued to push back against the idea of a lockdown -- arguing that a curfew, or `last stage of a lockdown' as he calls it, would devastate Pakistan's poor more than the virus could. His populist leanings are at play here. Khan inherited a debt-ridden economy that was just beginning to stabilize, and he doesn't seem to want to shut it down (not dissimilar to President Trump, although Khan bases his argument on concern for the common man).
20221 Leading the wind industry is not enough to combat the global challenges we face today. If we are to spearhead the energy transition, we must be an example for doing so in the most sustainable way, and this involves making sustainability part of everything we do
20222 On the one side, there needs to be climate adaptation efforts, such as relocating people from highly exposed coastal regions or building better disaster preparedness that would withstand extreme hurricanes,
20223 They're trying to do good, but they don't have the courage to say, `Let's do a gut check on ourselves.
20224 Trump and the Republicans in Congress cannot be trusted to protect the Social Security trust fund,
20225 The sharp price declines are overwhelmingly in areas where consumption has fallen back sharply,
20226 We're just working on various aspects. Things are changing every day,
20227 I think there's good reason to be optimistic,
20228 I think we have a little work to do to get to the conclusion that a high bar for intervention is necessary.
20229 Even though there's some variance month-to-month between the ADP and the non-farm payrolls report, the ADP is still a good indicator of the underlying trend.
20230 With over $12tn in global credit and supply chains funded in dollars, the monetary and fiscal support isn't enough to end the demand.
20231 It was a turnkey home, not even a speck of paint needed to be done,
20232 People are sort of, basically, understanding that the global economic implications of theme parks closing, casinos closing, airports are empty, streets are empty. If cities are, sort of, ghost towns, you know, this is going to effect the consumer, it's going to affect every industry down the line.
20233 prudent decisions in the face of controversy also sustained and strengthened colleges and universities,
20234 Everything about this year seems to be turning out unusual. When we do hold commencement for the Harvard Class of 2020, I sincerely hope it will also be unusual, but only because it will be among the most joyous commencements in the history of the University.
20235 We had to lay off everybody that is not a salaried employee,
20236 The big missing piece [ in the stimulus measure ] is that there's just not enough money to bail out states,
20237 And so we've gotten people to understand that it's there and to want it. But we haven't really given them the tools that it would take to make it easy for them to claim it.
20238 We need to make it more inclusive.
20239 That's been abundantly documented.
20240 I think that you would only change what we have in legislation if a very strong case could be made that Australia would be better off with the change,
20241 I think we can all agree we will face more severe events with potential significant losses for somebody,
20242 If they lay off workers with hard-to-find skills, they may not be able to replace them as the economy improves,
20243 It is too early to conclude right now whether the world has entered a financial crisis.
20244 Many people I have been interviewing are now working in their bedrooms or shared common rooms, with noise from their partners, family or roommates,
20245 This will create a productivity disaster for firms.
20246 Bloom expected the positives and negatives to offset each other. But he was wrong. Instead, the robust, nearly two-year study showed an astounding productivity boost among the telecommuters equivalent to a full day's work. Turns out work-from-home employees work a true full-shift (or more) versus being late to the office or leaving early multiple times a week and found it less distracting and easier to concentrate at home.
20247 The stabilization efforts that we've taken focus on providing a supply of dollars, which we will continue doing through intervention,
20248 BI will only act if the market cannot fully absorb the papers,
20249 She will be in charge of development policies which, God willing, will be good for emerging markets, including Indonesia,
20250 Going forward, the direction of BI's monetary stance will continue to be accommodative,
20251 We are looking into what more we can do. I will not speculate about the outcome but I will say that I think NATO has the potential to do more,
20252 As such, we have for the time being suspended our training on the ground. And we are taking all precautions necessary to protect our people... we remain in close contact with the Iraqi authorities. NATO is prepared to continue our training and capacity-building when the situation permits.
20253 concern about Iran's destabilizing activities in the wider Middle East region.
20254 There is a lot of concern about the Iraqi parliament's decision to remove all foreign troops,
20255 No ally has suffered more terrorist attacks than Turkey. They are important in the fight against Daesh. They are the only ally which is bordering Syria and Iraq,
20256 Any attempt to distance Europe from North America, not only weakens the transatlantic bond, and our ability to compete on the global stage, it also risks dividing Europe.
20257 the best way NATO can support the peace process is to stay committed to our train, assist and advise mission in Afghanistan.
20258 The meeting we had today was actually a meeting where we saw a very strong unity from all allies on the importance of standing together in the fight against international terrorism,
20259 basically on their own to try and maintain the waterhole
20260 We have conservation in mind and to see the fish impacted like that is not very good,
20261 Effective river basin management and water policy formulation requires access to reliable and up-to-date data in easy-to-understand formats for timely decision making. We at Pritzker School of Molecular Engineering (PME) at University of Chicago and Tata Centre for Development envisioned the Water-to-Cloud (W2C) system for high-resolution spatial and temporal monitoring to gain insights that may be missed with the traditional grab sampling approach. These geo-tagged and time-stamped data can help identify pollution hotspots as well as provide data on violators and efficacy of government sanitation interventions,
20262 For Nigeria, a lot of consensus for the country's GDP growth hovers around two per cent,
20263 That has a large environmental footprint.
20264 The Bank of Canada meets next Wednesday, and clearly, their press release will address these issues. It's unlikely the bank will cut rates in response on March 4, but if the economic disruption continues, rate cuts could be coming by mid-year.
20265 The literal effect is only about a fourth of what we're seeing,
20266 There's obviously outside noise that comes involved with [ signing a big contract ],
20267 With thousands of people still being killed and injured at the hands of drink drivers every year and little sign of this situation improving, decisive action needs to be taken,
20268 There is no way around that. What we are getting in return for those 17 games is what is important to understand. That's what I want guys to see and guys to learn, guys to read about so that they understand exactly what it is that we are voting on.
20269 The feedback that I've gotten [ has been ] very positive,
20270 Everybody says it is pork barrel-or stroke politics-but it is needed. Because it is local, it doesn't mean it is not needed,
20271 You know he was just a normal bloke, he liked driving his race car around the tracks and being with his kids. His kids absolutely adored him, he loved them.
20272 the outline of a solution that will be put to all parties next week
20273 Today is sweet. There is no bitterness about it,
20274 I think the bottom line is that when this is all said and done, the size of the U.S. government will be much bigger,
20275 It serves a double benefit: They soften the pain while they also encourage workers to stay at home,
20276 (The coronavirus outbreak is
20277 This is not rocket science. With help even poorer countries can do it.
20278 The heavy but sharp rainfall saw a number of streets closed to traffic on Wednesday night,
20279 Estimates that better establish causality find no effect, or a small negative effect. This is my fourth analysis using a fourth methodology and a fourth dataset on actual outcomes that finds no violent effects from video games.
20280 Of course, boat owners should only go out to their moored craft when it is safe to do so.
20281 And that's what people are doing; they are fleeing with their bitcoin, whether this is in China, Lebanon or all over the world.
20282 distribution from the back was on point and he didn't look out of place
20283 It's going to squeeze your budget, and now we're seeing that hitting,
20284 The OSB stats show just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the number of people struggling with debt in the country,
20285 The coronavirus outbreak is threatening the lives of many people around the globe and is pushing the economies of many countries into recession,
20286 The restaurant business is changing.
20287 I've seen this time and again,
20288 It's appropriate for people to have some food in the freezer. It's sound and rational to have three days of inventory at any time for example. But we shouldn't be overdoing it.
20289 You need to see the government is on top of this.
20290 China's economy is now a global behemoth compared to its more modest size at the time of the SARS epidemic,
20291 It's an epic moment in terms of breaking down the orthodoxy of church-and-state separation of the fiscal and monetary authority,
20292 The equity market is actually discounting the uncertainty -- though they know the direction -- on the economy. So, I don't think there's any sort of indictment from the equity market of what the Fed did. The equity market is looking at the real world, and the real world is going to require a lot bigger response than just the Fed doing everything they can. It's going to take a fiscal policy response to literally get money in people's pockets. That is the bottom line. The Fed can get money into Wall Street's... system and they're doing it with alacrity, but the bottom line is we need to get money, hard, cold money, in real Americans' pockets, particularly the most vulnerable amongst us.
20293 legs over his, repeatedly kissed her face and neck, groped her, then blocked her path
20294 Measures to strengthen checks on imports due to free trade agreements (FTAs), focus on rules of origin and imposing safeguard duties, proposal to invoke import duties on non essential products are good. We are not against FTAs, but they have to be on India's terms,
20295 A substantial part of that expenditure could be used as seed capital for DFIs.
20296 The presence of the Chinese companies in our telecommunications networks would compromise our national security,
20297 The government of any colour cannot change this,
20298 the best hope for corporate governance,
20299 The less good news is that demand is still outpacing supply. The open positions are an indication of both the shortage and the growing demand.
20300 We are looking to see the extent to which weakness from manufacturing may be spreading to services, employment, consumer spending or housing,
20301 So in this context, lower interest rates will actually help to stabilize the housing market, rather than contribute to froth.
20302 It should help stabilize housing as opposed to pour extra fuel on a hot housing market,
20303 With great respect, if this is something council wants to do, let's do it and move on.
20304 and we expanded that this week to playgrounds and other amenities and parks.
20305 DiEM25 has taken it upon itself, like we have done before, to offer a three-point plan to protect all EU residents, to avert an economic depression and prevent the collapse of the European Union.
20306 Holley selected his victim because of her advanced age and illness.
20307 I believe the impact will be bigger than any other virus outbreaks.
20308 In the immediate context, we need to find the necessary supply wherever we can find, even if we have to cajole or push. Since every country is trying to do that, we need to use every way we can to apply pressure and bring-in all that we need,
20309 The RBI should consider imposing a moratorium on financial institution dividend payments so that they build capital reserves,
20310 shallow and not in favor of the strengthening the families.
20311 The concentration of this drag at its most intense is far bigger than during the 2008 financial crisis,
20312 The employers, the labor unions and the government in Denmark sat down and said: Don't fire people. The government will pay 75% of your wages. You have to pay 25% and the workers have to effectively work for free for five days. So all three groups are contributing something to make this work,
20313 a reflection that the COVID-19 situation is not improving,
20314 I don't think anybody's going on a cruise ship anytime soon until all surfaces are covered in copper.
20315 We are truly excited that Marna will lead Ivanhoe Mines at this critical junction as we look to fast-track development at each of our three principal mining projects. She is an extraordinarily talented executive with a strong track record of leadership in finance and team building. Marna has a deep knowledge of our organization, the African continent and is well regarded by everyone at Ivanhoe and across the mining industry.
20316 I'm so unbelievably grateful for the experience.
20317 It's really difficult. You want to hug your children, you want to be with them -- but for their safety and their health, you are pretty much keeping away from them.
20318 The $3k level may be a bit of an over-retraction and, as such, we are looking for support in the $4.5 k neighborhood if pressure continues,
20319 For BBB-rated companies, if those bond markets start collapsing, they're not going to have access to credit, and if they get downgraded [ to junk credit status ],
20320 I rely heavily on using my lip-reading skills so customers wearing facial coverings is a problem for me,
20321 They are already in town rehearsing, and doing all the things they need to.
20322 This structure is a good structure,
20323 We will get a lot of information as soon as the end of January,
20324 We're currently traveling at 180 km/h towards a traffic jam. The only thing that can be done is to hit the brakes. And then we'll see if we can pull over in time, or at least not crash into it.
20325 With Biden's all-but-assured nomination, attention will now turn to his VP pick,
20326 Agriculture, industry, trade, banking, education, health all sectors are incorporated in the economic growth. We are constantly on the way towards high economic growth and this year also we will follow the same course. Several international agencies have projected economic growth rate of six to seven percent. There is a general decline in paddy production. Except that, the rest of the indicators are encouraging. We will achieve the economic growth close top the target,
20327 but does not account for the emissions they generate; it adds the value of the sugar-laced beverages we sell but fails to subtract the health problems they cause.
20328 The attempt to differentially break the chain of transmission is not an argument for bearing disproportionately high economic costs.
20329 It shows that Italy alone is supposed to make as much effort as the EU as a whole.
20330 It's all going to be pretty gloomy. The structural forces of Hong Kong's domestic problems, the cyclical forces with worsening economic times, and random forces of Trump's political antics,
20331 This is the time where you need to reflect upon your strategy. It's actually easy to manage assets when the economy is booming. It's much more difficult to manage into a turning point. It's way better to have a plan to go by than to find yourself in a situation where the recession hits and you have to improvise.
20332 We are going to put about $1 billion aside from the proceeds of the Eurobond to look at how we resolve those IPP issues,
20333 and it's suffering,
20334 The biggest worry is the risk the negative impact from the outbreak persists and hits [ the economy ] during the Tokyo Olympic Games,
20335 I can dance but there was no one better on the dance floor than Eddie Albert,
20336 I'm not going to get into particulars, but you have to have two teams to make a trade and we weren't able to do it,
20337 So, we'll just see. All these things are unknowns and it's kind of difficult to filter through all this little bit of health bad luck.
20338 Well, we have to look at everything because we're not winning - so you're not winning, to me, you have to assess everything,
20339 Probably in the next month or so, we're going to get together as an organization and just discuss things.
20340 Of all the fundamental particles that we know about -- electrons, quarks, photons, other bosons -- that built the universe, the Higgs is the only one of these particles that has the quantum numbers of the vacuum,
20341 The pool is limited in recruitment efforts when it comes to faculty, so I wanted to increase the pool for the University of Iowa, but also for the academy in general.
20342 They really fill out those requirements very well,
20343 They're going to try to get another social program out of this. We can't let that happen.
20344 help us take our employer strategy and branding to the next level. We're the only independent streaming challenger in the game. Our competitors are big and have deep pockets. It's a tough business landscape, but we can succeed by giving our people a framework that balances creativity, freedom and accountability.
20345 I believe that many of our oldest buildings are treasures,
20346 pushing well-established literature forward,
20347 For many businesses, almost assuredly the answer will be closure.
20348 I have the coronavirus and I hope you have it, too, now,
20349 It's about changing the way we do capitalism.
20350 It's right that we do so in these circumstances but the Government must also recognise that it is not the ideal circumstances and to rush through legislation in a breathless way and to be honest, actually there have been many warnings that this was coming down the track.
20351 There are people in the shadow cabinet who see me having been in the last Labour government as a real problem. I think it's something we should be proud of. There were a lot of things the last Labour government did wrong but there were a lot of amazing things.
20352 The authorities cannot make such last-minute changes. There is no opposition to the regulation per se, but this should be applicable for the new batch so they can consider this while confirming their admission in the first year itself.
20353 The Russians are actively targeting all of their enemies in all different countries -- they have huge resources and Davos is an important place, and this is the one place I can come and personally challenge Russian officials over the murder of Sergei Magnitsky,
20354 Why did they let you get your money out?
20355 black ops and special projects.
20356 This is a game-changer for all anti-corruption human rights work around the world,
20357 We have heard Okezie Ikpeazu call on us to bring our ideas and join him to develop Abia. We would have been very happy if the governor was ready to accept and implement noble ideas, but very sadly, he doesn't, hence his statement is a comical adumbration to hoodwink the gullible into thinking that he is sincerely reaching out and ready to work with those who don't agree with him.
20358 We need to take all the precautionary measures against the disease. There is need for concerted efforts to prevent the disease from coming here,
20359 A rise in temperature means more pests -- and a greater likelihood of periods both of flooding and drought. Rice production must adapt to climate change. Most farmers we talk to don't talk in terms of climate change -- instead they talk of the monsoons becoming less reliable.
20360 AB5 is a nightmare, particularly for a growing tech company that can't afford to hire full-time employees and has to contract out,
20361 It will be interesting to note what will happen in the upcoming months... whether there will be investors trying to take advantage of the market turbulence, or first-time homebuyers beginning to move in with very low mortgage rate conditions, or even distressed property sales,
20362 My friend and colleague Elizabeth Mrema is absolutely right,
20363 pathogens to pass from wild and domestic animals to people.
20364 Our findings suggest that isoprene emissions can be diminished without affecting biomass production in temperate forest plantations.
20365 The costs are likely to exceed anything Germany has experienced in recent decades as a result of economic crises or natural disasters,
20366 Unfortunately, many virologists are saying the outbreak could subside in the summer, but return in the fall. In that case, a recession would be unavoidable.
20367 theoretically makes Wuhan better positioned than many other mainland cities in handling the disease outbreak in the city,
20368 It reminds me of the Great Famine from 1959 to 1961, when people were banned from leaving their hometowns and as a result, tens of millions of them starved to death,
20369 We have a little bit left to the season, but we're being really kind to the bees as well, like we're not pushing them too hard, because they have endured a lot.
20370 More debt has enabled more growth, and even if you have a bit more volatility, it's still net positive for the economy.
20371 The current global situation is unlike anything we have observed since the end of WWII and promises to surpass the effects of the global financial crisis in 2008 if it continues for any significant length of time,
20372 We can concentrate on particular jurisdictions according to the circumstances,
20373 we'll probably see up to 1.8 million job losses due to stand downs,
20374 hopes every country will produce renewed targets on curbing emissions and achieving net zero carbon by 2050
20375 a prolonged cardiac ailment,
20376 Fiscal resources should not be devoted to favouring a small share of the population, who are by no means among the most deserving. In fact, structurally, India should be thinking of ways to bring more taxpayers into the income tax net. It should not be raising exemption limits, as was done unfortunately in the 2019-20 budget.
20377 global economic trends and the international financial outlook for 2020,
20378 the Soleimani incident might suggest the standard North Korean approach of breaking sanctions through brinkmanship might be received less well in Washington by this administration than others the Kim family regime has contended with in the past.
20379 There is a lot of flexibility for people who are in between jobs or anybody looking to make additional income,
20380 As we approach COP26 later this year, Glasgow and Scotland have an incredible opportunity to demonstrate to the world how we are at the forefront of the fight against climate change -- and this exciting new project is just one of the ways in which our university is leading the way in the city.
20381 Banking has been re-purposing itself since the crisis,
20382 By putting together these satellites, we will be able to get information not once in 16-17 days, but virtually in the real-time mode,
20383 If the government is not providing basic facilities to companies, how is it going to boost the IT sector here?
20384 In this well-conducted study, many of the dementia cases were linked to heart disease and poor brain blood supply,
20385 It's simple subtraction. Even your dog can do it. It represents the number of points the team would be expected to outscore the average D-I team over 100 possessions and it has the advantage of being a linear measure. The difference between +31 and +28 is the same as the difference between +4 and +1. It's three points per 100 possessions which is much easier to interpret. This measure also makes the SOS and average conference strength numbers less mysterious.
20386 We' re only likely to see this strategy implemented by a coach who isn't concerned about his reputation. However, it's a strategy that can be useful, especially for underdogs who figure to struggle in five more minutes of action.
20387 We should temporarily defer the debt owed to multilateral development banks and international financial institutions. This can be done by reprofiling loans to create fiscal space for countries to deal with this crisis.
20388 The short-term maturity of some of these debts do not match the long-term revenue streams,
20389 An increase in salaries does not mean investing in human capital,
20390 Average gross domestic product (GDP) growth since the bottom of the recession in 2009 was barely above 2.1% per year. The average since 1949 is well above 4% per year during the previous 10 expansions.
20391 A blow hard enough to hurt,
20392 As a whole, we don't think there has been much positive effect
20393 Difficult politically, potentially geopolitically, but certainly the economic outlook remains very, very stable.
20394 North America doesn' t need borders,
20395 Rising risks and the toll from uncertainty tied to trade wars were reasons that the Fed did a U-turn and cut rates in 2019.
20396 that is not a material part of our business.
20397 The real question is whether the delay of the swing bridge will delay the start of the stationary bridge. The city of Ottawa will have to assess what would happen if they were both out of commission.
20398 They will start to do some things we haven't done before,
20399 This will not be the last announcement, as the developments have been extremely dynamic,
20400 will continue as it has done for decades, I agree, and that will show itself primarily in affordability and in some places in homelessness
20401 We'll do everything we can to keep people connected while prioritising our support for critical public services, vulnerable customers and those without a working line.
20402 And that's in fact what we're seeing now.
20403 because individuals tend to be blamed less and are not given the same level of sanctions as companies.
20404 He clearly has fallen out with the MSS one way or another.
20405 Hydrogen is the most promising pathway for decarbonisation... it is instrumental for meeting the objectives of the Green Deal,
20406 I am really proud of the fact that the plan has actually worked,
20407 Nearly everywhere a gaping chasm divides the official meritocratic discourse,
20408 They are under strict surveillance. They have been isolated, and necessary assistance has been provided to them,
20409 We're talking about an amputation of a cat's toes,
20410 A lack of trust in politics making reform impossible
20411 Based on that -- and if you remember that the last big downturn that we had was in 2008 -- well then we are overdue,
20412 I did try. I made a proposal (in an NSC meeting on January 15) to release the survey but I didn't find support. I did put in the proposal as chairman but it didn't get through. I cannot say anything more now.
20413 in comparison with the discounted cost of total destruction of human life on planet Earth.
20414 It is premature to predict a V-shaped economic recovery based on the massive stimulus program,
20415 Limiting the `burn' for now probably makes sense.
20416 National monument designations mostly have positive impacts on the economy,
20417 Those who attend the Southeastern Guide Dogs Walkathon will help bring well-trained, loyal and affectionate dogs to a wide range of households and workplaces,
20418 And then we see today's report and that's not showing up. Where that can be reconciled by one simple, really simple fact: The very bottom has been getting increases for minimum wage increases, not from the market.
20419 The good news about this particular virus is that you have the world looking at it and you have a lot of scientists working on solutions,
20420 The phase one deal is only an interim agreement between China and the US. In fact, to push for negotiations in the next stage, the US will keep existing tariffs on imports from China unless the two countries manage to reach a phase two deal,
20421 the problem for the nation is not that we cannot defeat the coronavirus, but that the already crisis-ridden economy has been shattered by the lockdown.
20422 This is the biggest attack on livelihood that I have seen coming from the demand and supply side. Over 50 per cent of the population have no means of earning an income for the foreseeable future. How are they to survive?
20423 We wanted to work closely with Colby's wife Emily, parents Allan and Jennifer, and sister Taylor to help create a powerful and lasting memory and legacy of Colby's impact on our organization and the communities he played in.
20424 When we looked at all of that, it was really the travel from various countries to the locations they'd be held and the various travel routes they'd have to take to get to those locations that was a big factor,
20425 We're excited to partner with a modern, nimble content company like Law & Crime and bring their high-quality and compelling true crime programming to cord-cutters.
20426 Despite the vast gulf between the two major political parties on many issues, on fundamentals both have adhered to a neoliberal agenda of deregulation, reliance on market-based solutions to our social problems, and a devolution of the role of government in ensuring and enforcing Americans' right to a decent standard of living, economic dignity and economic mobility
20427 Indeed, it is found internationally that a PCR, being a non-profit enterprise, is able to ensure much better data coverage than PCBs. In turn, the PCBs when given access to comprehensive data from a PCR can provide better and greater value addition through data analytics and innovations, complementing the PCR.
20428 Iran attacks where it sees vulnerabilities, and it exercises restraint when it thinks there could be major consequences,
20429 not a real Nobel Laureate
20430 Once the pandemic and panic abate, those who believe that openness to people and products from around the world is generally a good thing will need to make the case for it in fresh and persuasive ways.
20431 We are mindful that the situation surrounding COVID-19 is highly fluid and the situation is constantly shifting,
20432 Ms. Nora, you have thousands of followers some of whom might be foreigners. I think it's wise to remove this tweet so it's not attributed to us as a scientific fail, especially that the whole world is following up with this health concern and may not be aware of our politics. Regards.
20433 The shock would have to be big enough -- and the likelihood of future shocks big enough -- that you would want to change your production structure. And it's not clear that it is at this point,
20434 thecontinent's interconnectedness to affected economies of the European Union, China and the United States was causing ripple effects.
20435 We saw a very successful issuance of bonds by the Ministry of Finance,
20436 Among Iran's radicals, there is an obsession with not giving ammunition to the enemy and avoiding appearing weak,
20437 Basically they don't want a kind of auction despite the auction may give higher revenue to the government,
20438 become more and more concentrated, controlled by a few large players... today, U.S. households have fewer choices and they pay higher prices.
20439 if everyone else is doing it, why shouldn't I, it's only fair.
20440 In the 1980s the whole fanzine thing was really starting to take off,
20441 What's good for the world is if China creates demand for the world.
20442 Although we discussed the matter several times with the former head of the CTU Jaromr Novk, unfortunately, it had no effect.
20443 As we've seen nationally, more and more cities are going to these journalism hubs where different types of media are coming together to strengthen local news and reporting. And then to bring the student component in, given that it is Colorado College, there's this opportunity to create internships and think about future leadership. This alliance with Colorado Public Radio strengthens that original vision.
20444 based on field observation from law enforcement and other agency professionals over the past week, many people are disregarding social distancing standards.
20445 I am the world's worst predictor of Tesla's stock price,
20446 I have had the privilege to serve the University of North Dakota for over seven years and four presidents,
20447 If `Inglourious Basterds' is one end of the spectrum, and `Munich' is the other end of the spectrum, I think `Hunters' lives in the middle,
20448 was never purported to be.
20449 The purpose of this show is an allegorical tale in many ways, to draw the parallels between the 30s and 40s in Europe and the 70s in the States and especially today with the racism and anti-Seminitism and xenophobia, the likes of which we haven't seen in decades,
20450 I have at least five seasons' worth of ideas of where I see the series going, and I certainly know the ending of the series. I'd love to work on a season two, and I'm hopeful Amazon thinks so, too.
20451 Of course, there are other countries that are under the burden of debt... and both the World Bank and the IMF are committed to look into debt sustainability issues on a country by country basis,
20452 Trade peace is what we should be looking for.
20453 We are looking at doing what we can to be helpful to Argentina. We see eye to eye on the need to restore the economy and to address the increase in poverty that has affected negatively many Argentinians.
20454 The actions we take now will determine the speed and strength of our recovery,
20455 is a global problem calling for global response,
20456 the most synchronized monetary easing since the global financial crisis
20457 WHO needs to better understand why young people are dying from the infection, as there are still many unknowns at this present time.
20458 What we can do is refer to the similar case of the SARS epidemic and what happened then,
20459 So we have a shock to the market. Coronavirus is definitely going to have an impact short-term.
20460 should continue and expand these efforts to reach the most affected people and businesses -- with policies including increased paid sick leave and targeted tax relief,
20461 to get there, it is paramount to prioritize containment and strengthen health systems  everywhere.
20462 put an already fragile global economy
20463 The IMF, in collaboration with the World Bank, is identifying key areas where access to opportunities can be increased, in particular, investing in high-quality education, R&D, and digitalization,
20464 We are already seeing some tentative signs of stabilisation but we have not reached a turning point yet,
20465 We do project a recovery in 2021. In fact, there may be a sizeable rebound but only if we succeed in containing the virus everywhere and prevent liquidity problems from becoming a solvency issue,
20466 best way forward is to put a price on carbon.
20467 It is clear that we have entered a recession that will be worse than that of 2009 after the world financial crisis,
20468 Nearly 80 countries are requesting our help,
20469 Even in the best-case scenarios, however, the projected rate of global growth is still modest in too many parts of the world,
20470 But we have not reached a turning point yet.
20471 coordinated and synchronized global fiscal stimulus
20472 Our long-term response must tackle habitat and biodiversity loss,
20473 Nature is sending us a message with the coronavirus pandemic and the ongoing climate crisis.
20474 SDR allocation is another very useful form of support and that is certainly being discussed at this point, it will also be discussed at these meetings,
20475 This is something that countries can't actually argue about. It is a major issue. They have to step up and they should display all the political will that's needed to get the job done.
20476 Climate risk is near and present,
20477 Improvements in payment technology may have lowered the cost of switching from cash to digital payments, but there is little evidence they have done much to reduce the expense of moving among currencies,
20478 The future without a merger is uncertain. But we know that competition is lost when main incumbents acquire innovative new competitors,
20479 Despite weaker growth in the number of passengers flying in 2018-19, together the four largest airports have managed to report record profits from aeronautical activities,
20480 AFG and Connective operate in an already concentrated market, and not many other mortgage aggregators offer a similar level or type of service,
20481 We have also provided capital to support our companies' growth which will in turn support the economy.
20482 buying on the way down
20483 The only shared sacrifice that is going on right now is the healthcare community, the nurses, the doctors, the people taking care of patients,
20484 Unlike private equity, however, we do not pay a premium for control in investment banking-led auctions that are designed to maximize value for the seller, nor do we materially leverage the balance sheet of a portfolio company to enhance our returns,
20485 I think what Mr. Buffett realized in 1969 is that being a long-term investor with short-dated capital is just ultimately going to lead to a bad outcome at some point in time,
20486 [ Coronavirus ] cases appear to be peaking in [ New York ]. Almost the entire country is in shutdown.
20487 Thank you @elonmusk for answering the call,
20488 The moment you send everyone home for Spring Break and close the borders, the infection rate will plummet, the stock market will soar, and the clouds will lift.
20489 We have not had any fiscal stimulus in Australia.
20490 In an environment where interest rates are very low -- yesterday the government's borrowing costs for 10 years were essentially the lowest they've been since Federation -- are there investments that the government could make or could encourage the private sector to make that would yield risk-adjusted rates of return greater than the lowest interest rates on record?
20491 coronavirus outbreak overseas is having a significant effect on the Australian economy at present, particularly in the education and travel sectors.
20492 people will spend this extra income
20493 The central scenario is for the Australian economy to grow by around 23/4 per cent this year and 3 per cent next year, which would be a step up from the growth rates over the past two years,
20494 The functioning of major government bond markets has been impaired, which has disrupted other markets given their important role as a financial benchmark,
20495 The Reserve Bank will also continue to provide liquidity to Australian financial markets by conducting one-month and three-month repo operations in its daily market operations until further notice. In addition, the Bank will conduct longer-term repo operations of six-month maturity or longer at least weekly, as long as market conditions warrant. The various elements of this package reinforce one another and will help to lower funding costs across the economy and support the provision of credit, especially to small and medium-sized businesses.
20496 A sudden spike in our unemployment rate.
20497 We have fantastic opportunities there to reshape our energy production system. Investment is taking place, but it would be enhanced by greater policy certainty.
20498 We're going, `Who the f *** ing hell is that?' Sting was at the bar crying because he f *** ing had his dressing room robbed.
20499 And obviously I'm his little brother, who's doing well and I'm here to spoil the f *** ing party.
20500 What not even for 10 million pounds
20501 I think someone has still someone else's tunes to promote,
20502 I'm self-isolating because I think if we are all responsible for a small amount of time we can definitely come back from this,
20503 He's told me to tell yous (sic), if yous (sic) leave with any of his b **** es, he'll have you shot. Like that alright.
20504 Apart from right health policy, appropriate macro response is credit provision to solvent but illiquid SMEs and households, transfer payments/tax cuts to low-middle income folks losing income/jobs, and monetary easing to stop asset price crash,
20505 There will be a global recession due to Coronavirus
20506 Not even during the Great Depression and World War II did the bulk of economic activity literally shut down, as it has in China, the United States, and Europe today,
20507 could trigger severe economic, financial, political, and geopolitical disturbances unlike anything since the 2008 crisis
20508 As we have seen, even in cases in which presidents have sought and received Congressional authorization to go to war, the justifications provided have often been faulty, or outright dishonest,
20509 The same president who often touts our country's `crystal clear water' has again proposed cutting regional water programs, like the Chesapeake Bay Program, 35% below current year funding and cutting 28% of funds on which states rely to protect the environment and human health.
20510 We should not have to choose between energy efficiency and phasing out HFC's,
20511 The $8.3 billion emergency coronavirus package approved today is an important step forward in our fight to address this growing health crisis,
20512 If we could find common ground [ on the first two bills ], and just use that spirit of consultation and cooperation, we'll get through this.
20513 What do you think of Speaker Pelosi tearing up the speech at the end?
20514 The Trump administration has weakened several environmental and safety rules that protect workers -- again, leaving the Chemical Safety Board as the sole voice providing recommendations to industry that could help protect workers and communities,
20515 This resolution shines a light on Mr. Redding's incredible life, and reminds us that his significant contributions to our state and our nation must never be forgotten. I am pleased to join Senator Coons and Congresswoman Blunt Rochester to introduce this resolution honoring Mr. Redding and the positive impact his work continues to have in Delaware and across the nation.
20516 Under the Trump administration, the annual budget proposal has consistently reflected that the president wants EPA to retreat from the agency's most basic responsibilities. The American people deserve better.
20517 It's the hardest piece, so we shouldn't be surprised.
20518 We cannot, once again, stumble into an endless war in the Middle East that puts American lives at risk,
20519 Global aviation industry collectively needs to bring emissions down: quickly & permanently. It needs a basket of measures: improved aircraft fuel efficiency, operational improvements, market based measures & increased uptake of sustainable aviation fuels,
20520 In an increasingly digital world, it's important that young people are encouraged to find time to read a good book,
20521 In the first instance, this will consist of taking on some of the Global Coalition's current training activities,
20522 We call on them to stop their offensive. To respect international law. And to back U.N. efforts for a peaceful solution.
20523 constantly looking into what more they can do to provide further support for Turkey.
20524 health crisis doesn't become a security crisis.
20525 We are not leaving Afghanistan but we are prepared to adjust our force level if the Taliban demonstrates the will and the capability to reduce violence and make real compromises that could pave the way for negotiations among Afghans for sustainable peace,
20526 Allied ministers had reaffirmed their support to Iraq and agreed in principle to enhance NATO's training mission,
20527 And we'll also certainly bring in, as you know, China. And we may bring them in later, or we may bring them in now.
20528 agreed NATO could contribute more to regional security and the fight against international terrorism
20529 is to increase the capacity of Iraq's armed forces so that they no longer need our support in the fight against terrorism and to ensure that ISIS does not come back.
20530 We call on Assad and Russia, because Russia provides support to the regime, to stop these attacks, to respect international law and to fully support the U.N. efforts to try to find a peaceful solution,
20531 We have seen indiscriminate shelling of civilian targets, and we condemn this because we condemn indiscriminate attacks against civilians,
20532 largely benefiting people who have hefty stock-market portfolios.
20533 Yes, it is a dominant reserve currency but we can't rest on our laurels in that regard,
20534 last 9 months and [ markets ] recover within 15 months in nominal terms (71 months in real terms).
20535 sustained bear market does not look likely.
20536 Sierra Leone is an important country to the Bank,
20537 That's why the African Development Bank, as part of our Jobs for Youth in Africa strategy, has launched the establishment of Coding for Employment Programme. It's designed to foster young digital entrepreneurs. We hope to develop 130 centres of innovation over the next five years to help create nine million direct and indirect jobs,
20538 rising inequalities, lack of political inclusiveness, extreme poverty, management and control over natural resources, youth unemployment that causes social unrest, climate change, to name a few.
20539 The country also scores low on the fair wages pillar (26) and the incidence of low pay is also high, with 32.4% of workers being paid less than two-thirds of the country's gross median earnings.
20540 With the world at such critical crossroads, this year we must develop a `Davos Manifesto 2020' to reimagine the purpose and scorecards for companies and governments,
20541 There were two individuals on the Christmas card, an older male who was taller, with glasses and a younger female with dark hair who was quite scantily clad,
20542 There was nothing sexual in it whatsoever.
20543 Whatever nightmare I have been in over these last two years, it's as of nothing compared to the nightmare that every single one of us in this country is living through. People are dying -- many more are going to die.
20544 collapsed into what I would describe as a sleepy cuddle
20545 I'm sleazy, but not criminal
20546 This is inherently a short-run phenomenon.
20547 Housing is a long-run phenomenon,
20548 People working in restaurants, a lot of stores, hotels, airlines, they are going to have a tough time for a few weeks.
20549 We are very tough negotiators... we will take our time to negotiate,
20550 We always look at opportunities in our field to do investments,
20551 We remain firmly of the view that a sustained market recovery cannot begin until the number of new cases clearly has peaked, but that's probably several weeks away,
20552 The death data are more reliable and continue to rocket, doubling every three days,
20553 I've been writing about the US economy... since 1996, and this is the single worst data point I've seen, by far,
20554 Delay is pointless at best, and deeply counterproductive at worst, given the dramatic tightening of financial conditions,
20555 Our guess is that the reported drop says more about the difficulty of seasonally adjusting the data across the year-end and/or the shortage inventory of homes for sale than it says about the underlying trend,
20556 UK case growth probably has peaked too, along with deaths. The next week or so should bring a clear downturn in both, but the UK is a least a couple of weeks behind the best performing continental European countries,
20557 This can't last; we expect a rebound over the next few months, likely starting in February,
20558 If ever there was a case when quick government action could do that, then this is it.
20559 When they step inside the barracks and think about the fact that there was no insulation -- it gets up to 114 degrees here in the summer. It might cool down to about 85 at night, but inside those barracks it was still close to 90. Try to sleep in that.
20560 Young people are particularly vulnerable. We see that right now with staff freezes and layoffs and so on.
20561 Trump is an unpredictable actor. Iran is an unpredictable actor. The Iraqi government is as well. It's a toxic mix.
20562 We are now in a coronavirus induced recession which means layoffs will surge around on the U.S.,
20563 Ang abogado ng gobyerno, si SolGen [ Jose ] Calida. He already took a stand na hindi qualified. Paano sasabihin ng NTC na qualified?
20564 At that time, we will need a board that will encourage, not discourage, potential bids, and who will allow shareholders to decide whether or not to accept them,
20565 business as usual, with some minor modifications.
20566 funding the creation of the coronavirus
20567 have Bernie's back,
20568 The needs are so great... and who has the money? Big businesses, even during this pandemic,
20569 It is not about inviting the billionaires to the table, because for God's sakes they own the whole goddamn table.
20570 fight for a strong tax on Seattle's biggest businesses to fund social housing.
20571 It's really hard when they don't really know what action to take. It's like taking a bucket to extinguish a fire and not knowing if the bucket is full of water or confetti.
20572 Kailangan babawi tayo kasi there are lost days sa pag-aaral,
20573 All public schools where displaced learners from Region 4-A (Cavite, Laguna, Batangas, Rizal and Quezon) will seek to be accommodated are directed to accept these emergency transferees even with the unavailability or insufficiency of the required transfer credentials,
20574 If we introduce reforms, it will not necessarily be because we want to raise our rankings in PISA, it is because we care about the future of our 27.2 million learners and the future of this country. We should not fall into a trap of implementing special programs in order to [ just ] rank highly,
20575 They also have problems and lost their homes, and so on, but that's why we encourage them to take advantage of loans,
20576 Medyo insulto iyan sa mga taga-Bicol na sabihin natin na mayroong 70,000 illiterates na naglalamyerda diyan sa Bicol. Palagay ko hindi naman totally accurate `yan, dahil iba' t-ibang level `yan ang tinitingnan natin,
20577 Parents may not be key workers but they will be key workers in their homes because they're the ones who are paying the mortgage, the rent and the bills. So if parents can't go out to work because their children can't go to school, who will pay their salaries?
20578 This sends out a message to young people that the objectification of women and treating them as objects is acceptable, when it absolutely is not,
20579 The government loves coal.
20580 market prices reflect and [ also ] determine the opportunity costs faced by consumers and producers
20581 This is an important strategic acquisition for HIVE that diversifies our business significantly, and we are making it at an opportune time at an attractive valuation for our shareholders. The Acquisition provides us with an advanced, operating Bitcoin mining facility ready to transition to next generation mining hardware with access to some of the lowest cost electricity on the planet. The cost of US$ 95,000 per MW is less than half the industry standard build cost per MW.
20582 This is something different, and you need scientific expertise that I don't have to really assess what's going on.
20583 The depth of the recession, just in terms of jobs lost and fallen output, will not compare to anything we've seen in the last 150 years. The only question is duration,
20584 Obama had an extraordinary team and so did Bush. There were great men that rose to the occasion. The current Fed team in place is very strong, but they're not central to response here. They can help at the margins.
20585 And of course the Dutch [ colonizing ] Indonesia had all kinds of effects well beyond the scope of this paper, many of them negative for the contemporaneous population.
20586 The key thing that underlies this paper, in multiple respects, is the linking of the historical data and the modern data,
20587 We need to understand how the historical institutions influenced economic incentives and activities initially, and how these initial effects may or may not have persisted moving forward.
20588 They just jump out at you.
20589 And that's kind of the offset scheme where instead of charging people to emit carbon for example, we are paying them to not admit carbon.
20590 bears little relation to economic growth, and it's a terribly misleading indicator of it.
20591 For more and more Americans, our zip codes are our destiny.
20592 By implementing this new bylaw, it's our hope that our City will help Ontario and Canada slow the spread of COVID-19. We all need to take this seriously now for the health of our families, our friends and our community. If you have to go out for essential needs, only send one member of the household, stay apart and be safe.
20593 I could tell by the tone of voice that something was quite different and quite wrong,
20594 I've seen some people who don't like it; I've seen some people who do like it.
20595 government provided massive largesse to the banks and the bankers -- without any sense of accountability for the crisis that they had created, and with miserly help for the workers and homeowners.
20596 I think it's so cool that we live here.
20597 One reason is because it is difficult to get workers to factories. The second is because many factories in China have closed and these are the main supplier of raw materials.
20598 Right now it's the wild west and people are playing the hype of machine learning. This is something I believe in, but there is a lot of snake oil out there.
20599 If people don't buy bonds, and hold cash effectively at zero, then it's really difficult for corporations to get finance. So, there is no new investment and growth slows like Japan.
20600 The air's actually pretty clean. It gets recirculated through these HEPA filters that really are very good at clearing stuff out,
20601 The multinational corporations are at the forefront of hiring juniors, women, Arabs and the ultra-Orthodox,
20602 There needs to be vastly more investment in public health and development in the richest but also, and especially, in the poorest countries,
20603 The model of the world is obviously very complex. But it's really just a whole group of these markets, linked together across countries and across time,
20604 We could map that changing behaviour into a change in preferences in the consumers' spending patterns, so they would cut back spending in certain areas,
20605 We kind of limit it to one shower at a time actually, because if you get two people taking a shower -- even in a three thousand square foot home -- there's not that much pressure to go around,
20606 The hands are the way that these viruses most efficiently spread,
20607 Disruptive technologies are creating widespread opportunities, massive access and greater connectivity for athletes and fans around the world. David Abrams, as HBSE's Head of Investments, will help grow and evolve HBSE's businesses as we continue to explore new, exciting opportunities,
20608 The New Jersey Devils and General Manager Ray Shero have agreed to part ways, effective immediately,
20609 I don't think I'm alone amongst central bankers -- we don't like the idea that much,
20610 There was a disconnect in overnight markets and bank's key rate which is one reason it made sense to cut now.
20611 substantial monetary stimulus needed to be in place to lay the foundation
20612 But it hinges on how the data evolve from here because... we have a strong belief that this will prove temporary, but temporary could be longer or shorter,
20613 I would be in favor of asking banks to suspend dividends and stock buybacks,
20614 huge, unprecedented, devastating hit
20615 That's certainly something we can be thinking about [ doing ],
20616 There is not a strong enough incentive to take precautionary action. The lives at risk are not their own,
20617 Abandoning severe lockdowns at a time when the likelihood of a resurgence in infections remains high will lead to greater total economic damage than sustaining the lockdowns to eliminate the resurgence risk.
20618 All in all, it seems Singapore is being more proactive,
20619 Hong Kong is so flexible,
20620 February's sales of over 5 million homes were the strongest since February 2007,
20621 Spring months could still be quite tough for buyers since it takes time to convert housing starts into actual housing completions,
20622 This is an all-out measure to prevent a recession and fight the fear that is blanketing the country,
20623 In universities like JNU we should have not only police but CRPF and BSF too,
20624 He obviously has no work assigned to him as PM by the Pak military and ISI except to bad mouth India. The treatment of Hindus and Sikhs today in Pakistan especially denying them food is one step away from genocide,
20625 A delegation of Gorkhas from Darjeeling came visiting to thank me for supporting their just cause. Gorkhas have sacrificed their Darjeeling seat thrice for BJP since 2009. In 2019 they proposed my name but I had 3 years in RS left so said no.
20626 I have welcomed the MPs' pay cut by 30% for a year. I also think the Rs.25, 000 crores new Parliament building construction should be postponed for a year too.
20627 The Congress and Mahatma Gandhi had requested this (CAA). Manmohan Singh had also requested in Parliament in 2003. We did it. Now they are not accepting it saying that we did injustice to Pakistan's Muslims. What injustice was done? Pakistan's Muslims don't want to come, we can't force them,
20628 For UNJ there should be not only the Delhi police, but also a BSF and CRPF camp.
20629 potentially profound structural change.
20630 With the relatively limited space to cut the bank rate, if evidence builds that the weakness in activity could persist, risk management considerations would favour a relatively prompt response,
20631 The combination of these critical meetings and the U.K.'s global leadership in financial services provides a unique opportunity to address climate change by transforming the financial system,
20632 by transforming the financial system.
20633 The adoption of a brown penalising factor is also hampered by the absence of data that allows us to measure the riskiness of an asset,
20634 While the details of Mr. Carney's vision are still vague, the new financial regulations will likely have a disproportionate impact on private fossil-fuel companies over state-owned entities.
20635 comprehensive disclosures of climate risk
20636 Such a forward-looking measure can help asset owners and asset managers understand the transition pathways of their investments and develop strategies to align financial flows with the necessary transition to net zero,
20637 The speed limit of the economy is much lower than it was a few years ago.
20638 will take all necessary further steps to support the UK economy and financial system
20639 We are moving more rapidly to a new relationship with the EU than we originally modelled,
20640 some really important work on mobilising ambitious action from across the financial system needed to help achieve the 1.5  C goal.
20641 Global Slowdown in Coal Power Investment Continues, but Chinese Power Industry Pushes for Hundreds of New Plants
20642 The UK has a plan to do just that, and I look forward to working with the private sector, HM Government, the Bank of England and all stakeholders to help make this promise of sustainable finance a reality.
20643 the ability to improve the world through transformative philanthropy
20644 Local municipalities and churches are organizing help and aid for their members,
20645 The PLA is bringing online weapons platforms of increasing sophistication. Operating the combat systems that underpin these platforms will require enlisted soldiers to be reasonably well educated even before they begin the PLA's basic training. Given China's massive educational disparities between regions, it is unclear whether or not the PLA can recruit enlisted personnel at scale without compromising on educational standards.
20646 The challenges facing the PLA's ability to recruit and retain talent are not necessarily to do with its human resource management, but with pressures on China's labour force at large. China's demographic profile is deteriorating rapidly, which is likely to make recruitment of talent a pressing issue for all sectors of the Chinese economy. As China's labour force shrinks but becomes better educated, the PLA must compete with the private and public sectors to position itself as providing a viable, fulfilling career so that it can attract the best talent from Chinese society.
20647 Today's announcement is, however, still a tightening of liquidity, and near-term, we would expect market interest rates to adjust to this,
20648 unique visitors, engagement, video views and partner signings are strong and continue to grow efficiently,
20649 We never thought that police would attack us. I am preparing for UPSC and was in the library since morning with my laptop. In the evening, we could hear a commotion but never thought we would be attacked since we had nothing to do with the protests.
20650 As per the NSSO report of the Central government, West Bengal has 88.67 lakh MSME establishments. During the last eight years, the number of MSME clusters in operation has grown from 49 to 539... At present, 52 MSME parks are operating and 39 more such parks are under construction,
20651 While unemployment in the country is on the rise, Bengal has created 9.11 lakh jobs in 2019-2020,
20652 As soon as financial monitors find us weak, we might plunge into further trouble. We must remain financially sustainable for the time being,
20653 can ill-afford a full-blown war w / the US while facing onerous economic sanctions and internal tumult, especially w/o Soleimani.
20654 Trump's inaction... led [ Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali ] Khamenei to believe, understandably, that Trump was all bluster,
20655 Each year, the Sparky award nomination and selection process helps inform the public of the importance of fire prevention and education. It also allows Oregonians, communities, and the fire services to acknowledge the leadership of their colleagues who are making a difference. We encourage all Oregonians to call out excellence among those helping others through fire prevention.
20656 enormous markets for U.S. agricultural products.
20657 As of this morning's figures, the total U.S. trade deficit is heading for its first year-over-year decline since 2013, when U.S. growth was a good deal lower than what's likely for this year,
20658 I'll just tell you the response we've gotten from America when our plane came back, people are looking for good things,
20659 always looking for ways to improve Gillette Stadium and the fan experience.
20660 It only considers the unemployed. But an awful lot of jobs are filled by people who are out of the labor force or who are changing jobs.
20661 PCBs (private credit bureaus) can be legislatively authorised to receive credit data; however, being for-profit enterprises, they may focus primarily on those data segments around which it is most profitable to build a business model (for example, provision of credit scores based on data gathered),
20662 there would be sufficient successes that you could justify it even if only half were successful.
20663 In general, I think the bigger impact for a smaller city is likely to be if there is already some pre-existing activity to build on, and if there is some reason to think that the area might be attractive otherwise,
20664 Today we have been vindicated and as a family we now respectfully ask for privacy.
20665 We don't know if it was speeding, distracted driving or some type of intoxication was the factor,
20666 Zero sale in 2019-20 will again dent the credibility of the government, whatever be the reason given to justify the delay,
20667 childhood environments play an important role in shaping gender gaps in adulthood.
20668 The Uighur problem was on the backburner,
20669 For corporate and municipal bonds, the 30/360 rule is used,
20670 There is not one single indicator that would trigger a material change to the US economic outlook.
20671 The underlying hiring trend is robust, providing a sturdy foundation for domestic growth. However, this is due to be challenged in the relatively near term by weak global growth in general and coronavirus supply-chain disruptions in particular,
20672 we need a similar strengthening of the social contract to manage the changing nature of work in the digital age,
20673 We really need the public support,
20674 We're excited. They're including more categories and making sure people are fully supported.
20675 Even though a lot of people complain about it. But if you look at international comparisons, gasoline prices in Canada are actually at the low end of the spectrum.
20676 Whereas 10-15 years ago, if you had a degree and wanted a full-time job, you're pretty likely to get that straight away, now it's about a quarter of people who get a graduate degree, three months after they graduate are doing part-time work, and it's taking them several years to get the full-time job they want.
20677 Wow, this is truly astounding. A * published * paper [ on gender differences in trait variability ] was deleted and an imposter paper of same length and page numbers substituted to appease a mob.
20678 A flatter epidemic curve, or healthcare curve, implies a deeper recession,
20679 advances entrepreneurship for the public good,
20680 I know how challenging this situation has been for our students, faculty, and staff. I've heard their feedback in the dining halls, in emails, in calls, and in the pages of the Crimson,
20681 If things were going well, those opioids may land on soil that's not very fertile,
20682 is one of the fundamental forces working against less educated Americans.
20683 I certainly would say that I think everyone should be covered. But what's really killing us is the fact that costs are now so high that it's eating our economy from the inside out. And the people who are paying the price for that are people with less education.
20684 It's not particularly efficient -- people don't update their records, and there are a lot of checks that will not find their intended recipients,
20685 It's mind-boggling. I never contemplated this,
20686 Sky, which is running its own anti-climate agenda, has been using him as a show pony. They can feed him lines and get him to say things.
20687 Will Coronavirus end Trump's reign?
20688 The dismal result for Merkel's centre-right CDU... adds to the pressure on the party to resolve the leadership crisis fast,
20689 This is not just a question of envy,
20690 the $500 billion slush fund that McConnell has made a centerpiece of the Senate bill.
20691 We have a big shift to the left in how things are running,
20692 With India's population in 2030 estimated to be 1.5 billion, a GDP of $7.1 trillion would translate into an annual per capita GDP of $4,730 in 2017-18 constant dollars. This figure would still be far from the per capita GDP of developed countries, but enough to virtually eliminate abject poverty from India...
20693 Employers should do as much as they can to avoid cutting people with mission-critical skill,
20694 If that happens you're looking at one of the biggest negative jobs numbers that we've ever seen,
20695 We have got a really big negative shock coming but we would also know pretty well when it's behind us,
20696 These are difficult times for all, especially for the poorest and most vulnerable, our first goal is to provide prompt support during the crisis, based on a country's needs.
20697 We are working to provide a fast, flexible response based on developing country needs in dealing with the spread of COVID-19. This includes emergency financing, policy advice, and technical assistance, building on the World Bank Group's existing instruments and expertise to help countries respond to the crisis.
20698 It's unfortunate she doesn't see the merits of this agreement,
20699 My whole family, we pride ourselves on being able to do the same to compete across multiple disciplines.
20700 Punishing kids for behavior that is the consequence of trauma exacerbates the preexisting harm to which they've been exposed,
20701 Sberbank's position as a leading digitisation driver in the country
20702 The post-crisis regulatory reforms aimed at strengthening financial institutions are bearing fruit,
20703 The virus risks giving a further blow to a global economy that was already weakened by trade and political tensions. Governments need to act immediately to contain the epidemic, support the health care system, protect people, shore up demand and provide a financial lifeline to households and businesses that are most affected.
20704 accommodations to support market confidence
20705 There was some criticism around the financial crisis that central banks didn't move quickly enough,
20706 All these taboos were made to preserve our environment. We ignored these taboos and now our water bodies are dying. We cannot find clean water in Ghana now, because of galamsey.
20707 As luck has it, the survey is well timed to capture the start of the economic meltdown,
20708 during her first [ term ] as senator from New York state, Hillary Clinton voted on six trade liberalization bills, four times in favor (during the first four years) and twice against (during the last two years).
20709 If the proposal drops tomorrow, they [ Labor ] could have a 60-day comment period and have enough time to write the final [ rule ] by the end of the year. But it would have to happen quickly.
20710 We know we're going to cause a recession when we shut down huge parts of the economy, and it's the right thing to do. It'll make us better off in the long run,
20711 The increase of 70,000 last week was slightly more than the increase of 61,000 due to Hurricane Harvey in the week ending September 2, 2017,
20712 The broader stimulus package contains many weaknesses that reduce its effectiveness, which is regrettable because the job loss we have seen so far is just the tip of the iceberg,
20713 In Switzerland they've shut down their league and postponed their playoffs for a few weeks,
20714 On behalf of the Edmonton Oilers Hockey Club and the Bakersfield Condors, we wanted to express our deepest condolences to the family and friends after the passing of our teammate Colby Cave earlier this morning. Colby was a terrific teammate with great character, admired and liked everywhere he played. Our thoughts and prayers go out to his wife Emily, his family and friends at this very difficult time.
20715 significantly moderate the employment and income consequences of the pandemic
20716 the top 20 percent has seen their income double
20717 things that were 25-standard deviation moves, several days in a row.
20718 a short-term hit to economic activity
20719 now is not the time to be squeamish
20720 I know the day I got married, but the two days I raced are even bigger,
20721 the optics of placing more black voters behind Buttigieg given how he has struggled with the black vote.
20722 The state and centre have to come together to figure out quickly some combination of public and NGO provision, private participation and direct benefit transfers that will allow needy households to see through the next few months,
20723 Unfortunately, this drift has continued a pace of slowing growth, which was precipitated initially by some actions the government took such as the demonetisation and a poorly rolled out Goods and Services Tax (GST) reform,
20724 At the same time, to reassure investors, the government could express its commitment to return to fiscal rectitude, backing up its intent by accepting the setting up of an independent fiscal council and setting a medium-term debt target, as suggested by the N K Singh committee.
20725 There is no better event at UW than commencement when we award degrees and celebrate the completion of school for our graduates.
20726 Towong Cup day provides a great outing for the family and I encourage visitors to consider making a trip to the Upper Murray,
20727 our little hospital wouldn't cope
20728 You won't necessarily have big government programs, but you could have extensive intervention
20729 I am quite cheesed off to be honest. Although they didn't steal any of our items, they damaged the door. We are covered by insurance but there is excess to pay.
20730 I'm worried about the possibility that the recovery might be slower in the U.S. than in European countries or in Canada, for instance.
20731 It's very different being laid off rather than keeping your job at eighty per cent of your wages.
20732 Satan denies what God has said,
20733 We'll be in a position to rebuild,
20734 She has since made clear that she was just upset that she was at home with the kids while he was out having fun and that she trusts her husband completely.
20735 Specially-commissioned staircases, sliding sash windows, unique old doors -- we'll do them all,
20736 But she's very understanding,
20737 The Governing Council must not lose sight of the exit from loose monetary policy,
20738 the improvement is probably a direct consequence of social distancing and the plunge in economic activity, and could reverse quickly if people just went back to work.
20739 The initial improvement was mostly policy-driven, but the greater optimism of the past week seems to be at least partly related to the virus itself. To be clear, the health situation remains very bad in absolute terms, especially in the U.S. which is now ahead of Italy and Spain in terms of coronavirus-related fatalities (though still much lower on a per-capita basis). However, the number of new active cases looks to be peaking globally.
20740 However, the specifics depend on how successful government actions will be in limiting the spread of the virus, how warmer and more humid weather will affect its spread, how quickly potential medical responses will progress, how strongly and for how long people will choose to cautiously avoid normal activities, and how effective monetary and fiscal policy will be in supporting the economy,
20741 This has the effect of disqualifying the Attorney General from continuing to represent the Electoral Commission in this proceeding, whether before this Court or indeed in any other proceeding,
20742 I'd like to call upon the entire MEC staff, starting with the chairperson, to resign because the court has just declared them incompetent,
20743 Together, with the support of the allied sports-entertainment community, we plan to personally hand deliver not only devices, but hope to as many children as we can.
20744 Trump has been speaking in favour of protectionism for most of his career, we expect him to be ready to push hard on new trade agreements and if necessary to implement tough measures on China as well as on the EU during his possible second term,
20745 We first contacted the local joint registrar's office, to find out if any farmers in the state were willing to sell vegetables directly to the society members. Later, we sent a list of requirements to the point of contact in that village. We had the vegetables reach our doorstep the next day,
20746 Azmir Merican's appointment reinforced the board's commitment in ensuring Sime Darby Property's leadership in the industry and towards creating sustainable, long term value for its stakeholders,
20747 Drivers are no better than they are when I was a kid, but there are fewer fatalities than there were. There are good ways to reduce the problem without banning the use of these products.
20748 evidence is strong that stronger gun laws overall are protective, but it has been difficult to know which particular ones are most effective.
20749 Employers watch the labor market and balance carefully how many raises they have to give and how much time off, given the perceived threat of an employee leaving or of not being able to recruit,
20750 Employers have been able to take advantage of older workers' fear because they realized they don't have to pay them more to keep them, and they don't have to offer them a better job to attract them. It's certainly a situation that's advantageous to the employer.
20751 NCA4 purportedly provides `a thorough examination of the effects of climate change on the United States,' [ estimating ] the damage the nation will experience from climate change in the year 2090,
20752 Our shield looks very modest when compared to those programs,
20753 They have deposits on hand, and they're able to access them. So I think that's what's potentially driving the reduced concern.
20754 Furthermore, the court sentencing Hafiz Saeed is further evidence that the guidelines issued by the FATF are being followed. The gaps in law enforcement and convictions in the past have been pointed out by the FATF,
20755 How does one square this circle since it is well founded that high import barriers ultimately undermine national competitiveness and it is mostly export earnings that will have to service external liabilities?
20756 In addition to bold national actions, deeper international co-operation is the most effective vaccine against this virulent threat,
20757 Research is dynamic in nature. Scientists go through many iterations of the paper in the research process,
20758 We just want the commission and the government to set up a fair and equitable playing field where the Amazons and Flipkarts cannot abuse the system with unfair subsidies and their favored traders.
20759 So much of humanity's resources would be damaged or destroyed, so much would need to be devoted to rebuilding, moving, and resettling,
20760 The Best `Spend Time With Family' Memo Ever.
20761 As a Board, we regularly review and evaluate how Twitter is run, and while our CEO structure is unique, so is Jack and so is this Company. To continue to ensure strong governance, we are pleased to create a temporary Board committee that will build on our regular evaluation of Twitter's leadership structure. This committee, which I will chair, will provide a fresh look at our various structures, and report the findings to our Board on an ongoing basis.
20762 The PBoC also took the initiative to report the impact of the virus and effective response measures to the central banks of G20 countries and major international financial institutions,
20763 As a result, maintaining Chinese financial market stability is a great contribution to global financial market stability,
20764 The reserve price for Jawahar Talkies plot was fixed at Rs 40 crore, and we thought even if someone purchases the plot at the base price, our dues of Rs 23 crore would be easily recoverable. But, the stay on the auction at the last minute has been a huge setback for us. We can only hope that the Collector takes a decision tomorrow and reschedules the auction of the plot,
20765 We will be taking the time we need to rest and recuperate during a two-week isolation at home. I am blessed with a great team, and many of my colleagues will be taking on more responsibility over the next few weeks as Adele and I focus on just getting healthy,
20766 Each School at Harvard will also host its own special online event and afterwards deliver diplomas through the mail.
20767 With this in mind, we have made the very difficult decision to close our doors from 7pm (1900 GMT), Friday 20th March.
20768 We are thrilled that the Illinois Department of Natural Resources saw the merit in this project and awarded Glen Ellyn Park District the grant. Thanks to State Senator Glowiak-Hilton and State Representative Costa-Howard for their continued support of community recreation
20769 could imply limits on the ability of monetary policy to support a recovery.
20770 hardly addresses in any substantive way the fundamental sources of trade and economic tensions between the two sides, which will continue to fester.
20771 The breadth of the sale programme is intended to signal that it is driven by the government's reformist tendencies rather than just fiscal needs,
20772 pastor caught coming out of a bordello
20773 rather than providing a uniform civil code which is neither necessary nor desirable at this stage,
20774 In the light of the fake news doing the rounds that Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru did not want Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in his cabinet, sharing a series of letters and documents,
20775 These are six classical Indian languages in India -- Sanskrit, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam and Odia. We have spent Rs 650 crore on Sanskrit, Rs 24 crore on Tamil, Rs 3 crore on Kannada, Rs 3 crore on Telugu and zero on Malayalam and Odia. This completely negates the policy which we ought to follow,
20776 Anantkumar Hegde is perhaps reflecting the views of his masters. If he is not, his comments should invite the strictest possible action from his party.
20777 We continue to fight to make sure that the press stays free and the press has got what it needs to tell the truth, get the message out and keep government in check,
20778 I don't know why he would want to come to Miami as we are a rebuilding team.
20779 We know that this is really raising uncertainty to a large degree, for the global growth outlook but of course also for the outlook for the euro area.
20780 We will educate people who want vegan, gluten-free or plant-based that they can still eat real well and enjoy it,
20781 After a zero per cent growth in five years, in the first seven months exports grew,
20782 However, Pakistan's economy is expected to suffer significant damages,
20783 Only 11% say they don't need it, with the rest unsure,
20784 My mother's rages were legendary.
20785 People who claim there is a `trade-off' between environmental responsibility on one hand and economic and social development are simply misstating facts. These people are either uneducated about the increasing success of `green development' models, or they are merely lying because they are paid by vested commercial interests,
20786 an agricultural economy worth $240bn in Latin America
20787 These are just a few examples of memorials across Florida, most honoring the brave men and women that have served in the United States military, that have been intentionally damaged by vandals,
20788 We anticipate that consumer spending, spurred by rising wages and household wealth, will remain strong; we also expect business investment to rebound as several of the factors that weighed on it last year abate,
20789 changes in fiscal policy must be made to address the budget situation, because our debt is growing on an unsustainable path.
20790 Denaro dall' elicottero? S, ma vada direttamente alle persone
20791 The workforce should be assured that their jobs are not in jeopardy. The earlier redundancy scheme which was suggested in earlier meetings is off the table. The particular emphasis should be put on the low to middle income earners who should not feel that their jobs are in any way under threat. Our primary objective is that Irish football should flourish. We look forward to a future for Irish football that was inconceivable a year ago,
20792 They will be going door to door and knocking on doors talking to people and getting them to answer the census,
20793 We could safely increase the deficit, let's say by another $500 billion or so, before we begin to see inflation accelerating to something that we would consider problematic,
20794 a couple of trillion on a Green New Deal or infrastructure, somebody better be getting this right, especially when the margin of error is not big,
20795 All of them told us that there was no such information and that predication for the case was based solely on the FFG information,
20796 At the same time if that's not the case and say only 10% of the population have been infected we may have to wait until September and that would create huge social problems for many countries.
20797 But when the local government started putting in more regulations around health and safety and business owners started firing people, they fired women.
20798 Eras change, sometimes overnight,
20799 I think if we thought about those policies we would want those students here in the United States.
20800 The new policy will allow more students to take advantage of the life-changing educational opportunities we provide. We believe that this will encourage good students to focus on getting the most out of their high school classes, rather than on doing well on a one-off high stakes test.
20801 In this story, it is the human adventure that matters most: how these events affected the social, economic and political life of society, and not only that of Greece.
20802 It was laser-focused on creating work for the poorest,
20803 Sanath read it right and Shaun didn't.
20804 That is the period when a lot of these problems started. That was the growth based on inequality, and it delivered even more inequality. It was based on the segmented labour market, on the ability of employers to rely on the existing social discriminations by gender, segmented by caste, ethnic categories and locations. It allowed employers to exploit all these social differences to extract labour at the cheapest rates. And that has been a feature of the growth process.
20805 This is not the time for others to be selfish.
20806 We now need to work hard to make sure that 2019 is remembered as a definitive peak in global emissions, not just a pause in growth,
20807 severe but likely to be temporary
20808 The scale of the climate crisis requires a wide coalition encompassing governments, investors, organizations and anyone else who is dedicated to decreasing emissions,
20809 I see an abundance of energy supply in terms of oil and gas,
20810 The coronavirus crisis is affecting a wide range of energy markets -- including coal, gas and renewables -- but its impact on oil markets is particularly severe because it is stopping people and goods from moving around,
20811 a concern for decency of behaviour
20812 Development consists of the removal of various types of unfreedoms that leave people with little choice and little opportunity for exercising their reasoned legacy.
20813 Using religion for the purpose of discrimination is not acceptable in the eyes of the Constitution. If citizenship should be granted, it should be on a fair and equitable basis, not on the basis of communal discrimination against one religion and in favour of others,
20814 If you are a manufacturer of toilet paper, you are going to plan your manufacturing capacity for a stable demand -- you want to be as efficient as possible,
20815 It is upto India to take a decision. We have been requesting the Indian government for the past couple of years. We hope India will respond positively,
20816 Men date sooner, men date more, and women get judged more,
20817 We think we are making progress because we are coming together and we continued willing to try our best to do more.
20818 Inequality is very real, and it's been very real for a really long time. There are huge differences in access to healthcare. There are huge differences in access to education. There are huge differences in access to food,
20819 These programs from the government level are designed to help the most vulnerable. Well, we need to be clear who the most vulnerable are and the most vulnerable are so often women and women of color,
20820 And not just for the things that aren't our fault.
20821 Equality at work depends on equality at home, and that starts with equality in dating. Equality is romantic. This Valentine's Day, my wish is that half of candlelit dinners are prepared by men and half of proposals are made by women. And that Prince Charmings send their horses back to the barn.
20822 the marketing industry is certainly going to see a real impact.
20823 But I would have expected that, when performance improves, male and female CEOs are both protected from dismissal.
20824 This is the type of working knowledge we all need to operate.... We still don't have the knowledge. We still don't have it, even though the crisis was 10 years ago and we have discussed it a lot. The level of financial knowledge is still very low, especially for a country where we are expected to make so many financial decisions, even starting from high school.
20825 We have really exciting plans for the high street over the next few years, with the refurbished town hall due to open later this year, creating a cultural hub for the district, and the Heritage Action Zone project, which will help attract younger people to the town centre with a new housing and workspace for young people, youth market and improved public spaces.
20826 Building a Culture of Experimentation.
20827 I don't think they would have done this unless they felt the financial markets were at significant risk of freezing up tomorrow,
20828 They're on the other side of this. While they are still battling the virus, their economies are coming back to life,
20829 won't kick into gear until they find a vaccine or a medical treatment that is effective for the virus. Until that happens, I don't see people traveling, global trade will struggle and businesses, weighed down by uncertainty, won't invest or hire aggressively. We're in the soup, more or less, until we have some solution to this virus.
20830 We're now in fear mode, but it can quickly turn around. Late 2018 is a pretty good case in point. It's a lesson not to get caught up in the emotion.
20831 We're not assuming the entire country shuts down, although the number of impacted people will be in the tens of millions,
20832 Last December was a disaster. I expected Christmas sales, because of the easy comparison, to be closer to 5 percent.
20833 Millions of job losses are likely in the coming weeks, particularly for households that live paycheque to paycheque,
20834 The downside risk of an inadequate response is much more severe.
20835 the gravedigger of German savers
20836 Unless this passes quickly, this would be worse for the economy than the [ 2007-2008 ] financial crisis,
20837 Modern monetary theory has found a timeless truth -- you have to think situationally,
20838 American capitalism needs to be inspirited, moralized, completed,
20839 Guaranteeing the safety and wellbeing of our customers and our colleagues has to be our priority so we will only open if it is safe to do so and in compliance with the Government's strict guidelines.
20840 They are very welcome to walk in to one of our stores to seek immediate advice,
20841 If you look at these tech demonstrators and what's been done, really, starting back in the 09 timeframe when JMR TD started, we are able to really clarify what can be aggressive, yet achievable, requirements... ensure the affordability of the new product.... and to burn down risk as we move into the program of record,
20842 They have some churches there that are hundreds of years old, and they're very faithful Catholic people. They were suffering, and they said that they had about 140 people that were in desperate need of food, so we did our first delivery there,
20843 It may cost money, but there's a public interest in being prepared for a disaster.
20844 The Pakistani state, afraid of hurting the religious sentiments of its citizens -- sentiments that it has inculcated in them over decades -- did not cancel communal Friday prayers,
20845 Banks wrote off as much as $1 billion in 2019 in reserve-based shale loans, more than they have in 30 years of making them, according to Mike Lister, an energy banker at JPM organ Chase & Co,
20846 It makes it difficult to stuff all the things that we want and can now afford into the growing, but increasingly relatively much more limited, time that we have available to purchase and to enjoy them over our lifetimes,
20847 Known weaknesses in the US healthcare system could make the situation there even worse,
20848 Now we are seeing two factors (at play): the fall of the oil prices and the consequences of the so-called coronavirus. I think that the latter is even more significant because it has an impact on the whole range of industries,
20849 The government is working on it, practically on a daily basis. Mikhail Vladimirovich [ Mishustin ] informs me daily about it,
20850 come into force at midnight on Saturday
20851 submit proposals on the timeframe for holding the Russian Investment Forum.
20852 had to face big challenges.
20853 It's important that you firmly resist all attempts to justify the crimes of fascists and revise the results of World War II.
20854 Now we are working on additional measures to deepen import substitution in industries and agriculture, expanding opportunities for the export of non-oil and gas high-tech products,
20855 The possible impact of climate change and conflict over various actors in relation to possible mineral mining around these island states in the region.
20856 People are doing amazing things with technology that may have been outside their comfort zones before,
20857 We should not allow foreigners to enter our education sector. This will lead to westernisation of education and will not be in national interest.
20858 DFIs, as sovereign-backed non-banking financial companies, can leverage 30 times their capital,
20859 Central banks and supervisors on both sides of the Channel will continue to coordinate our efforts in the IMF, the FSB, the BIS and other standard-setting bodies.
20860 During PML-N tenure in 2016-17, sugar production was 7.1 m tons and in 2017-18, it was 6.6 million tons. The dollar was at Rs 105. So we allowed exports,
20861 efficiency and equality... often conflict
20862 If we could shut off the epidemic, of course the economy would bounce back quickly,
20863 It starts with every player coming into camp in better physical condition than they ever have been before,
20864 It was really important for us to set up an egalitarian committee for it,
20865 Other ideas that we're throwing around internally right now are experiential or actual goods,
20866 it's going to take more than few days
20867 There's going to be some long-term issues that we're going to have to deal with,
20868 Lexus philosophy as well as Tazuna concept are more influential on his creation on Zero Gravity than anything.
20869 What will happen if these terrorists enter Turkey among hundreds of thousands of civilians?
20870 If an international conference were to be held, why didn't you do it? Why are you following hegemon powers and put Turkey under their gravitational field,
20871 What's happening is a huge shock that basically the economic data is not going to reflect very clearly for a while,
20872 Accel-KKR's acquisition of Springbrook provides both Accela and Springbrook the opportunity to optimize our respective investments in our customers, and will enable Accela specifically to continue to build on our incredible momentum,
20873 Had we asked why growth had slowed down in India when other countries were able to do well, the search for an answer would almost certainly have highlighted the shortcomings in our policies that could have been corrected.
20874 It is necessary sometimes to get advice even from outside rather than just say we know. When you leave things just to ministries the tendency for them is to say, we know. Recognition of a problem, wide discussion of a problem, rethinking of policy, these are necessary. We are dealing with many things today that are very complex and to think that the ministries themselves will take care of the problem is just not credible. You need expert input and you need to involve the private sector.
20875 The Forum pledged to work With the non governmental organisation to provide a unique opportunity for Nigeria to showcase and expand her SDG efforts at the global stage.
20876 [ The young people of India ] will demand liberal systems to find their own place in the sun.
20877 If we were to get another 10 tonne we would be extremely lucky.
20878 If you go back and look at the things [ Republicans ] tried to blow up, you can see that they're tiny peanuts as a share of the total,
20879 I think if you look at this first stage China deal, it's OK. There's not a lot in it,
20880 put money in the hands of people who will lose their jobs
20881 People hate that question,
20882 This activism is not restricted to the US: it has spread to Japan and South Korea, India and the EU.
20883 We believe that we are on our way to dealing with inflation. It will take time, but we are headed there.
20884 That has been approved by Cabinet and we are waiting for the Statutory Instrument to be in place. We have received requests from various people with free funds and we are waiting for the Statutory Instrument to be in place then we can allow them.
20885 It will take time and we have done everything in the past few months. We have done everything we can.
20886 We have made considerable progress and we would have more meetings before I leave. We are confident and we are targeting March for the IPO that is US$ 750 million which will further go to strengthen our foreign exchange reserves.
20887 We are currently in discussion with the World Bank to tap into the $12 billion Bank fast-track COVID-19 facility to help close the financing gap. In addition we are in discussion with the IMF to access part of a $10 billion facility made available by the IMF to address the corona virus through the rapid credit facility,
20888 African debt to China is $145 billion or so, over $8 billion of payments is required this year... So that needs to be looked at,
20889 But for people that don't have a job, it makes it less likely that they're going to be able to get a job,
20890 I am so honored to be onstage with what I would say is a true profile in courage,
20891 in other developing countries, those not even remotely related to Mexico, for example, in Asia and in Central Europe, as well as in a few industrial countries.
20892 It's easy to understand why they might want to lock it in now, rather than risk having the market seize up, right?
20893 Low levels of psychological safety can create a culture of silence.
20894 Most of what we're showing in this paper is that the returns, who is benefiting from that, are very unevenly distributed,
20895 Regional differences typically have deep roots and are long-lasting.
20896 Shops are bought out of toilet rolls. It's crazy. It's hard to say what will happen. The virus happened so suddenly, we weren't prepared.
20897 There can... be no question that the sanctions have affected Iran's ability to contain the outbreak,
20898 There's complete uncertainty,
20899 To the best of my knowledge, there is no change in the deadline.
20900 But I think that's only part of the story. There is the investment side. There is the enforcement side. There is the entrepreneurship side.
20901 I am thrilled that [ Goldberg ] will be joining the Jackson faculty,
20902 If you look at a chart of the Dow Jones over 100 years you don't see any volatility,
20903 Malta must finally comply with European rules when it comes to anti-money laundering, the independence of the judiciary and banking supervision,
20904 The response is to hunker down and wait it out. The pandemic will eventually resolve itself and the demand will come back.
20905 the review panel discovered that technical and further education were in even worse shape than any of us had realised
20906 We have shown, and will continue to show, that we are not merely bobbles at the end of a historical string, being pushed this way and that by forces beyond our control.
20907 happy, passionate and great guy,
20908 I think macro funds are reluctant to get too bearish.
20909 nothing is exactly the same around the country,
20910 We can no longer ignore the strong economic case for restoring nature. Inaction will cost us far more than actions aimed at protecting nature's contributions to the economy. To ensure positive global futures, we need to achieve more sustainable patterns of production and land use, and reform economic and financial systems to incentivize nature-based decision making.
20911 For others of you, this is a huge struggle and I understand that.... But if you see same-gender couples walking around campus, being respectful, acting like straight couples, that's really going to get you ready for the real world.
20912 The onus is on the minister and his team to explain the progress and outcome to the people from time to time.
20913 The theory of lockdown, after all, is pretty niche, deeply illiberal -- and, until now, untested. It's not Sweden that's conducting a mass experiment. It's everyone else.
20914 Though our normal occupancy rarely permits this, it is our protocol to consolidate into one of our three towers when the resort's occupancy is low. And occupancy is certainly low right now -- below 5%,
20915 A crisis evolves rapidly and in unexpected ways, with the need for freewheeling discussion before a proposal is brought to the board for decision.
20916 At the top theoretically, rates [ would ] be substantially higher.
20917 Because I really believe that's what Makenzie was about.
20918 The concern is not the zombie apocalypse with people dying in the streets. The concern is that a huge chunk of the global economy gets put out of commission as people wait it out.
20919 Truthfully, I think he died alone,
20920 We have long argued that gold is the currency of last resort, acting as a hedge against currency debasement when policy makers act to accommodate shocks such as the one being experienced now,
20921 We set up a few key concerts because we weren't sure if people were going to be interested in this or not,
20922 You have things going on at every level of the field,
20923 All of the universities in Germany canceled two years ago for the same reason. The Max Planck Society (the leading research organization in Germany) also did. The university alliance in Sweden canceled last spring [ of 2018 ], and the university alliance in Hungary canceled in December [ 2018 ]. Several other national alliances in Europe are trying to negotiate a similar contract with Elsevier.
20924 He took himself for Mandela but decided to become Bokassa,
20925 poverty alleviation; human resource constraints; infrastructure bottlenecks; financial intermediation; export diversification; higher value-added exports; polices to control financial corruption; political stability and institution-building; keeping pace with IT and global telecommunications developments; and environmental preservation in a vulnerable region of the globe
20926 Therefore allowing people to tap into their retirement accounts won't help the millions who have no accounts,
20927 They'd give the consumer -- with his consent -- information, insights, analyses and proposals, and maybe even let him make payments. He could make better decisions in terms of both his needs and costs.
20928 Today is a different day and we have a professional marketing team and leadership,
20929 For some countries around the world, it is dangerous to keep expanding public sector debt, because it may be unsustainable, but in the major advanced economies like the U.S. and many European economies, the problem is more one of deflationary pressures,
20930 The COVID-19 pandemic poses unprecedented health, economic, and financial stability challenges. The first priority is, of course, to save lives. But the necessary containment measures to limit the spread of the virus are causing a dramatic decline in economic activity.
20931 from verified sources, such as UNICEF or WHO, government health officials and trusted healthcare professionals; and that you refrain from sharing information from untrustworthy or unverified sources.
20932 Our hope is that over time, as we move more and more of our scanning to the automated process... then we'll increase the number of pipes we scan, but at a much lower cost,
20933 That's going to lower the cost of this pandemic for our society. It's going to lower the stress on our healthcare sector.
20934 This isn't a financial crisis -- at least not yet,
20935 We plan to make nearly 20,000 associates AI-savvy over the next two years,
20936 While we're looking for things to do at home, I thought it'd be fun to share behind the scenes of my dad's acting debut,
20937 At one of the most challenging times of recent memory, we need bolder, mutually reinforcing plans that protect our societies from the global risks we all face.
20938 extraordinary measures to safeguard people's health, the national economy and financial system stability
20939 had enough specific knowledge of the family and the circumstances surrounding Seth's murder to be keenly aware of the Riches' susceptibility to emotional distress.
20940 If market illiquidity continues, I will support our taking further actions to address funding needs, including activating facilities like those the Federal Reserve has used in the past,
20941 At this point, it is difficult to assess the magnitude of the economic effects [ from the outbreak of COVID-19 ], but this new source of uncertainty is something I will be carefully monitoring,
20942 It really feels like we have reached a tipping point so that we can do this.
20943 I've taught at Columbia for over two decades and have always told my students that if they did good valuation work, the market would agree with them,
20944 making the most of home quarantine.
20945 The OIG's objective is to determine whether EPA policies and procedures were effective in addressing stakeholder risks in the EPA's Dicamba pesticide registration decisions in 2016 and 2018,
20946 We have initiated discussions and submitted applications with various U.S. and international funding agencies,
20947 Why is the taxpayer backing up loans so that they can get reduced interest rates?
20948 absolutely ridiculous and absurd. Such an action can be merely due to hysteria.
20949 I believe the root cause of abysmal growth is the huge tax increases imposed by Obama and the Democrats in Congress since 2008,
20950 If we measure the fundamentals of the rupiah exchange rate, including against inflation, the current account deficit and interest rate differentials onshore and abroad, the rupiah is still undervalued and has the tendency to strengthen,
20951 Inflation in 2020 could be higher. One has to remember that higher inflation means higher budget revenues. Higher inflation is not a reason for concern,
20952 It's one party rule, and one party rule is a form of authoritarianism. Trump is a symptom of that,
20953 Old and inefficient coal-fired plants should go off the grid as soon as possible, and no new ones should be added,
20954 It's just very hard for Canada not to be more or less in step with U.S. policy,
20955 That has produced a series of regulations that have greatly improved, on net, the lives of the American people. What we have here is what looks to me like the end of that era,
20956 The community should be very alarmed by this.
20957 they're on their way out anyway
20958 This is the start of the new Sudan,
20959 If it is a return to restriction, starting from a much less favourable point and much more disease spread, then the cumulative economic loss will be greatly magnified. The costs we have already borne will have been totally in vain.
20960 That's why the EIB, as the EU Climate Bank, is pleased to support this project.
20961 This may actually force food importers to pay more for the food we import and sell here. That would affect produce, seafood, groceries, which are important staples right now, especially when people are buying provisions.
20962 To provide further insight into our business and the opportunities ahead, we're now disclosing our revenue on a more granular basis, including for Search, YouTube ads and Cloud,
20963 We are investing heavily given the opportunity we see and momentum we're having.
20964 I'm not very happy to be honest, not about the performance -- our or Banco de Portugal's performance -- I'm nor very happy about the... mess in the legislative set-up here,
20965 Reveal (x) enables organizations to truly understand the level of risk a device poses and provides situational awareness of the environment.
20966 Uncertainty is now permanent.... The world is getting worse and worse because of the United States now. He has alienated everybody.
20967 Universal Music have spoken to many members of the neurodiversity community and we have worked closely to ensure the handbook is easily understood and is well designed for everyone,
20968 We have the potential to confront the problem properly,
20969 He said companies have to be more transparent about their carbon footprints and make public their plans for how to help get to a net-zero emissions economy by 2050 -- as required by U.K. law -- so that the public knows how its money is being invested.
20970 We are not through the woods yet -- there could be a second wave.
20971 We have seen it in trade and while we've seen less of it in finance, those forces are still there.
20972 We believe the biggest risks are associated with transition,
20973 increased pressure for disclosures of climate-related risks, as under the recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures.
20974 some extent a firming of consumer confidence.
20975 At the MPC's most recent meeting, however, my decision to hold policy was more finely balanced.
20976 We are watching it closely, as are other central banks and fiscal authorities, and if it necessitates some form of action, whether it's on the macro-prudential side or the policy side, we will take it.
20977 There is no reason for this shock to turn into the experience of 2008, a virtual lost decade in a number of economies, if we handle it well,
20978 north of 1 per cent
20979 The Bank will take all necessary steps to support the UK economy and financial system, consistent with its statutory responsibilities.
20980 Our banknotes celebrate the UK's extraordinarily rich and diverse heritage and highlight the contributions of its greatest citizens. Turner's art was transformative. I am delighted that the work of arguably the single most influential British artist of all time will now appear on another two billion works of art -- the new  20 notes that people can start using today.
20981 If anybody wants downtown Clearwater to be more of a success, you have to bring a few more people down there to help support the businesses,
20982 The pension is like buying a car. The more bells and whistles you put on it, the more expensive it is,
20983 It certainly gives you a better shot at reducing the achievement gap for kids at kindergarten entry, and it allows you to catch more problems earlier,
20984 Looking again at the direct and indirect impacts... [ disruption ] could continue until April and May.
20985 The dollar liquidity is there, no need to panic,
20986 Our economic fundamentals show that economic growth will be stronger and inflation low while stability is maintained,
20987 People really dig deep for art auctions. It is valuable,
20988 Last week brought good news for many with respect to an increased wage subsidy but the next big bill looming for many is commercial rent,
20989 That is why we call on the international community to support by injecting more liquidity into our economies,
20990 Africa may lose half of its gross domestic product with growth falling due to a number of reasons which include the disruption of global supply chains,
20991 That will help people who are already reasonably well off economically in this crisis.
20992 because even these rusted-on Thatcherites and Reaganites are saying governments have an important role to play.
20993 The coronavirus crisis is affecting a wide range of energy markets - including coal, gas, and renewables-but its impact on oil markets is particularly severe because it is stopping people and goods from moving around,
20994 We have seen a major incident in one of the most important oil countries in the world but we have also seen that prices although they rose, have come down again. And this is very peculiar, because when we look at the entire year (from January 2019 to December 2019), prices remain around $60 a barrel despite we had the incident, we had attack on the Saudi Aramco oil facilities, despite Iraq oil exports going down from 2.8 million barrels per day at the beginning of 2019 to almost nothing today and Venezuela collapsed as a major oil producer. And price are still there around $60 a barrel and we have not seen a major increase,
20995 I see that there is a growing consensus that this [ the G20 ] is the forum to address this problem.
20996 Saudi Arabia, which has been a stabiliser of oil markets for many years can once again play a constructive role and as chair of the G20 can bring all key economies of the world, producers and consumers together, to have a dialogue to take measures to try to stabilize the oil markets.
20997 A host of policies and technologies will be needed across every sector to keep climate targets within reach, and further technology innovation will be essential to aid the pursuit of 1.5 degrees [ Celsius global temperature ] stabilization,
20998 lost two very important months
20999 The unprecedented decline in demand... means that a successful supply response is just a part-mitigant in the short term. Even if producers were to agree to an arrangement that results in short term market balance, underlying spare capacity will rise to historic levels.
21000 Hydogen can help overcome many difficult energy challenges. It can decarbonise hard-to-abate-sectors like steel, chemicals, tucks ships and planes. Hydrogen can also enhance energy security by diversifying the fuel mix and providing flexibility to balance grids.
21001 There is no feasible agreement that could cut supply by enough to offset such near-term demand losses. However, the past week's achievements are a solid start.
21002 If [ coronavirus impact ] extends for six months or longer... the job losses will feed to more job losses and that could be very detrimental for the economy and will hurt the confidence of home buying,
21003 The key is whether the stimulus package can reverse all these damages by the second half of the year.
21004 it's a very good time to buy a home,
21005 We saw [ 2019 ] come to a close with the economy churning out 2.3 million jobs, mortgage rates below 4 percent, and housing starts ramp up to 1.6 million on an annual basis,
21006 I do not foresee a recession in 2020,
21007 Home sales fluctuated a great deal last year. I view 2019 as a neutral year for housing in terms of sales. Home sellers are positioned well, but prospective buyers aren't as fortunate. Low inventory remains a problem, with first-time buyers affected the most.
21008 They want to park their money in a first-class world economy, which is Australia, Canada, and the U.S. Hence, we may see greater demand from Chinese, wealthy households.
21009 Some 404 parental replies were taken into account which is far in excess of the number most schools generate, and further evidence of the pride felt by everyone connected with the school.
21010 There are those who can read but could not comprehend. There are different levels,
21011 We believe that we should place our focus on quality because our Constitution is very clear that it doesn't only talk about access to education but also specifically states that quality education should be available,
21012 So whether Chinese schools or public schools or local schools or other foreign schools, they have to comply with the requirements of law. So, what they usually do is to have extension of classes,
21013 They're a bit impersonal without a proper ground plan,
21014 To end extreme poverty and break the cycle of fragility, conflict, and violence, countries need to ensure access to basic services, transparent and accountable government institutions, and economic and social inclusion of the most marginalized communities. These kinds of investments go hand in hand with humanitarian aid.
21015 In combination, the eurozone countries are bigger than China and their growth rate is simply not adding to the to the world,
21016 to fully consider its broad, far-reaching implications.
21017 The auto industry, they're going to electric vehicles, they're going to hydrogen, natural gas... and we can lead that parade and the world, or we can watch everybody else drive away and leave us in their dust,
21018 To my knowledge this is the first time all four of those major interest groups are in alignment.
21019 Once again, President Trump is ignoring the Constitution, disregarding a coequal branch of government and diverting funds from crucial military programs to build his ineffective border wall,
21020 For example, he scheduled a vote to confirm Aurelia Skipwith, whose confirmation hearing in front of this committee was on the exact same day as Katherine Lemos.
21021 We are losing species at an average of 1,000 times the natural extinction rate. This is a catastrophe we simply cannot afford
21022 Had we acted 10 years ago, we would have needed now to reduce every year our emissions by 3.3%, which would be doable. Because we haven't acted, we now need to reduce our emissions by 7.6%, which is a stretch -- a massive stretch.
21023 Will Beijing determine the kind of words and language that are usable at Caulfield Grammar?
21024 a tenure to be prescribed by the Central Government.
21025 If you want to do something for global warming, become a vegetarian. Because I think the beef industry has been a huge culprit in global warming.
21026 The powers-that-be have used a national issue to usurp power by stealth. When MPs have no discretionary powers, you may as well disband the Parliament.
21027 In light of the fake news doing the rounds that Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru did not want Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in his cabinet, sharing a series of letters & documents.
21028 He certainly did much to make himself misunderstood; his style, the manner of his speaking, the sarcasm... He was too brilliant for his own good. He didn't suffer fools kindly. He was idiosyncratic to the extreme,
21029 the truth was Nehru's letter to Mountbatten of July 19, 1947 had Patel's name right on top of new cabinet list.
21030 We declare that freedom of speech and expression and the freedom to practice any profession or carry on any trade, business or occupation over the medium of internet enjoys constitutional protection under Article 19 (1) (a) and Article 19 (1) (g),
21031 He felt the entire Congress party was against him,
21032 there are more pressing uses for the thousands of crores that will be spent to satisfy one man's ego.
21033 I think environment is a feminist movement in India. If the young women take an aggressive role on environmental issues... I am actually a great optimist,
21034 Pinarayi Vijayan only looks at Kerala politics. Sitaram Yechury looks at national politics and he has more influence on the Congress than the CPI (M). It is easier for CPI (M) leaders to meet Rahul Gandhi than Congress leaders,
21035 The government is adopting double standards by allowing foreign envoys to visit Jammu and Kashmir, but not Indian politicians,
21036 fight foreign interference and voter suppression.
21037 may be the most important document ever to come out of Silicon Valley.
21038 I wanted the fairy tale ending that I thought I had and then I lost very dramatically,
21039 Engaged!!!! @tom_bernthal, you are my everything. I could not love you more.
21040 I'm ready for the next step but I don't know if he is,
21041 Then we talk about her relationship -- and the vibe changes. `I'm waiting for him to propose.' ' I don't want to pressure him.' ' I hope I'll be engaged soon. '
21042 how strong and coordinated our Reuters monetary and fiscal policy actions are.
21043 The reality is global growth remains sluggish,
21044 We appreciate the EU's leadership on sustainable development for all. We have a history of working together in building strong economic institutions to improve economic performance and the livelihoods of people in our partner countries. This Agreement will deepen our collaboration and help us do more together, especially where it matters the most -- in low-income countries and fragile states.
21045 Never in history have we witnessed the world economy come to a standstill. This is humanity's darkest hour, a big threat to the whole world and it requires from us to stand tall, be united and protect the most vulnerable of our citizens. This is a crisis like no other.
21046 and many of our partner stores
21047 The question is now how to scale up such a program. We will work immediately on what more we can do,
21048 What we are concentrating on, is to act decisively with what we have, and where there is full consensus among members. We recognize that there are other options to be explored, and we will continue to do so,
21049 can help the poorest countries with immediate debt relief, which will free up vital resources for health spending, containment, and mitigation.
21050 The human costs of the coronavirus pandemic are already immeasurable, and all countries need to work together to protect people and limit the economic damage,
21051 intellectual leadership and innovative insights
21052 When people talk of `low for ever' , it sends a chill down my spine. We're only in January and we have already had a number of risk events,
21053 You, the G20 leaders, have already taken extraordinary steps to save lives and safeguard your economies,
21054 This troubling trend is reminiscent of the early part of the 20th century -- when the twin forces of technology and integration led to the first gilded age, the roaring 20s, and, ultimately, financial disaster.
21055 very, very hard hit.
21056 As was the case in the global financial crisis, under pressure of necessity, the world always comes together,
21057 Our new research file: shows that inequality tends to increase before a financial crisis, signalling a strong link between inequality and financial stability,
21058 I'm talking to people -- Uber drivers, tutors, domestic workers, people who teach yoga -- and they are telling me they are losing about ninety per cent of their business through no fault of their own,
21059 The Great Lockdown: Worst Economic Depression Since the Great Depression.
21060 Widely-held perceptions of the dollar's safety and stability have kept it dominant in the international monetary system for decades.
21061 owing to stress in the non-bank financial sector and weak rural income growth
21062 This has all happened over seven trading days. We were at record highs a week ago, but we now have the fastest sell-off in history. In a normal setting, this is a screaming buy. But there is so much we don't know about this virus, I'm not sure these traditional indicators are reliable when dealing with something like this.
21063 Good team of doctors good spiritual support I will see you on the other side. Crazy. Guys stay home, you do not want to get this.
21064 This program matters a great deal to determining whether the country is able to bounce back quickly or get sucked into a morass,
21065 I favor higher taxes on high-income people,
21066 All power to everybody to say that they want to attach themselves to the legacy of the former president. To the extent they are suggesting he's endorsing them, I think it's pretty clear he's not.
21067 Government is committed to supporting the Bank of Ghana to firmly stabilize the cedi throughout the year and even beyond
21068 This time around it was 3billion dollars and we got a 15billion dollar response from the international capital market which as you rightly said is three times what we wanted and the lowest rates in our history.
21069 The Preparedness Plan seeks to, among others, enable early detection and effectively manage and contain a COVID-19 outbreak in Ghana.
21070 Introducing such initiatives would help us achieve our targets,
21071 Guaranteeing the safety and wellbeing of our customers and our colleagues has to be our priority so we will only open if it is safe to do so and in compliance with the Government's strict new guidelines.
21072 Forestry Corporation is a formal firefighting authority and plays a key role in firefighting and prevention.
21073 Remarkably, despite all the surrounding forest being burnt, Old Blotchy survived,
21074 These are some of the last unburnt towns between Batemans Bay and Ulladulla,
21075 In accordance with the agreement with the PRC, four Chinese airlines continue flying to Moscow, they will continue operating on a regular basis.
21076 It may be hard to prevent infections from spreading.
21077 These are the embarrassing cases for the government. The case about his educational qualification in Delhi Court. The Prime Minister has claimed four crore bogus ration cards were weeded out by his government whereas the RTI shows that the number of bogus rations cards was actually 2.3 crore,
21078 Not all can, or should, be saved given our limited fiscal resources.
21079 The clean-up has to be undertaken on an emergency basis, otherwise sense of confidence which is needed in our NBFC, private banks and even in our state-owned banks that would be missing, that means financial sector cannot contribute to the growth,
21080 Hopefully, this otherwise unmitigated tragedy will help us see how weakened we have become as a society and will focus our politics on the critical economic and health care reforms we sorely need.
21081 Last week we concluded that the COVID-19 shock would produce a global recession as nearly all of the world contracts over the three months between February and April,
21082 not very far from 100 percent,
21083 The pandemic is creating new fault lines -- between those who can afford to stop working and those who can't; those who are keeping their health insurance and those who are losing it,
21084 People say don't bail them out -- they've made billions of dollars in profits and paid their senior executives enormous sums,
21085 The third straight week of multi-million claims numbers takes the total over the past four weeks to 17.1 M,
21086 We'd be surprised, but if Iran takes more drastic action than we are expecting, it will become a real risk. In the meantime, expect defensive stocks to outperform, with downward pressure on Treasury yields and gains for safe-haven currencies.
21087 With global growth slowing sharply, financial conditions tightening dramatically, energy prices plunging, and `social distancing' forcing cancellations of sporting events, Broadway shows, dinner reservations, travel plans, conventions, etc., we now expect a sharp decline through June in `at-risk' personal consumption expenditures on services to precipitate a consumer-led recession beginning in the second quarter and lasting through the end of the year,
21088 The pain is coming in April, when payrolls are likely to drop by perhaps 10M-plus,
21089 an all-out effort to ensure that the business sector can continue to exist even as economic activity temporarily collapses. The Fed is now effectively the direct lender of last resort to the real economy, not just the financial system.
21090 Good news, but it won't last,
21091 The headline index is sensitive to movements in the stock market, with short lag, and was boosted by rebounds in the sales expectations, good-time-to-expand and jobs-hard-to-fill components,
21092 put added pressure and stress on the Maduro government and the army.
21093 Quantitative Aspects of the Economic Growth of Nations.
21094 Thanks to everyone who bought it silky smooth fizzy biblical c'mon you know LG x.
21095 I'm meant to be having a break from the almighty juice. Anyways as you were c'm on you know wash yer hands and scrub yer toes LG x.
21096 I'll wash my hands and stay indoors and all that b ****** s, but I'm still not having it snide c ** ts are up to something and we'll get to the bottom of it, as you were LG x.
21097 seems to think he'll be throwing [ him ] a bone
21098 It was reported a group of men had been seen fighting close to River Island on Church Street at 4am, and a 19-year-old man sustained a stab wound to the chest during the incident,
21099 I'm not singing that, it sounds like a shit reggae song
21100 Listen seriously a lot of people think I'm a c *** and I am a good looking c *** but once this is put to bed we need to get Oasis back for a 1 of gig rite for charity c'm on Noel we can then go back to our amazing solo careers c'm on you know.
21101 Me n Rkid have been self isolating for 10 years c'm on a couple of months ain't fucking hurt,
21102 This is one of the last if not the last fully Australian designed and built aircraft,
21103 That process has nearly completed, and we will be able to report back on the full extent very shortly.
21104 We're a team that is now rebuilding, and I don't know why he'd really want to come to the Dolphins,
21105 But, I think there are two positive points to bear in mind.
21106 For employees looking to accelerate this in their firm they can point to the evidence on the positive impacts on firms profits and productivity from working from home,
21107 How do you make money? Spin offs, split-ups, liquidations, mergers and acquisitions....
21108 It is hard to think of [ a solution ] so long as people believe government can magically make bank lending safe.
21109 Lower income workers will be hit harder,
21110 stealing massive amounts of military and technological secrets through cyber-hacking from various countries.
21111 We believe that this is a really good opportunity for domestic manufacturers of medical equipment to capitalise on the disruption and move towards indigenisation. The government should bolster the global standing of the industry,
21112 That's not fair, because we have much more information now than they did in real time.
21113 Our work provides some metrics for thinking about what alternative policies might be consequential in the future.
21114 The industry is not very good at promoting health, but it excels at promoting wealth among healthcare providers,
21115 It's not black culture, it's not white working-class culture,
21116 surprised Americans aren't revolting against
21117 The weight of the evidence shows additional resources help kids,
21118 They can't pick winners or losers.
21119 This decision is made for public health reasons -- to do everything we can to increase social distancing and do everything within our power to ensure that we can limit the risk of the spread of this virus,
21120 I've been very blessed for some reason. It never got to my lungs with all the underlying conditions that I have,
21121 We have not seen evidence of significantly higher supermarket margins,
21122 Given the exceptional circumstances, the ACCC encourages all businesses to treat consumers fairly and compassionately,
21123 We see a clear public interest in allowing FSC members to work together to provide a consistent, clear and fair approach to people performing critical work during this pandemic,
21124 at least two new cartel cases
21125 We understand there is great interest in the outcome of these inquiries,
21126 If Bauer bought Pacific Magazines, Bauer would remove its closest competitor in certain segments,
21127 Why not try socialism?
21128 Both QE and forward guidance should be part of the standard toolkit going forward.
21129 The most important financial markets, including those for U.S. Treasury debt and mortgage-backed securities, must work properly if lenders are to feel confident about extending credit to households and businesses in such unusual times,
21130 Such a programme would have to be carefully calibrated to minimize the credit risk taken by the Fed
21131 But we can't complain. The most important thing is for the aid to begin to flow.
21132 Does organizational accountability exist?
21133 I remember the day of that 1979 draft for sure, my agent in those days Al Eagleson thought I was supposed to go earlier than I did but there were a lot of 18-year-olds from the World Hockey Association who came in,
21134 In many circumstances, my role as president is not to define the `correct' position of the University but to keep the channels of discussion open,
21135 We recognize that people need to start making plans soon, so we thought it best to provide guidance now.
21136 I said that I had found Harvard undergraduates to be smart, creative, thoughtful,
21137 Marty Baron has led some of our nation's most respected newspapers through a transformative time for American journalism,
21138 India-an Economic Superpower by 2030
21139 It was a package to move the country from left to right. Here, there is no comprehensive plan. It's a horrendous mixture of state control and privatization.
21140 I am in favour of placing the image of goddess Lakshmi on Rs 10,000 currency notes. Lord Ganesha removes obstacles. Indonesia has also recovered from the crisis by placing the idol of Ganesha on its currency notes.
21141 A turnaround can be commenced within three months after the coronavirus pandemic is controlled,
21142 This deal is wholly anti-national and I will (be) forced to go to court. We cannot sell our family silver,
21143 them [ Muslims ]... enter India
21144 So you can have a very stable measure that's capturing socioeconomic status, or you can have a measure that's freer of that, but that's less stable. There's not really a way to square that.
21145 I'm skeptical that it's even possible to build a completely secure online voting app.
21146 specific provisions in the budget that would serve India well
21147 Those places influenced the election. And now what do you have today? You have those same places slowing down, and they're looking pivotal in the election again.
21148 Vulnerable groups in our society are the most exposed under this COVID-19 crisis. Accordingly, Treasury has set aside resources to cover one million vulnerable households under a cash transfer programme and payment will commence immediately. The Social Welfare Department will use its usual mechanisms to identify the beneficiaries.
21149 We are well organised. We are ready and we also appreciate the international community's support. So we understand what's going on.
21150 Treasury will initially be availing an amount of ZWL$ 200 million per month under a Cash Transfer programme over the next 3 months and both the amount and duration of payments will be reviewed as necessary. The Social Welfare Department will use its usual mechanisms to identify the beneficiaries,
21151 What I ask every day: Are you seeing concentrations of risk taking? Is there something going on I need to be worried about?
21152 We'll just have to wait and see. That was a lot of stimulus for where the economy was, and should make it more resilient to these sorts of things.
21153 In IMF we do not have any veto power for any country, and actually it's a policy of IMF for evenhandedness in appraisal and approval of requests,
21154 It is also noticeable that investor confidence has affected our banking sector more than the broader equity market; the latter declined by 23 per cent in dollar terms last month, but financials declined by about 35 per cent. We need to be vigilant,
21155 If you want the statement in writing, but don't want to pay the fee, consider printing from a home printer,
21156 People in Iraq have suffered because of Daesh, which is also a threat to all NATO allies because Daesh is an origination which has proven well to use terrorism to attack NATO allied countries,
21157 The effects of the crisis will not be stable -- won't be the same for all allies at all times,
21158 We are constantly assessing the need to further strengthen our presence. We have to remember that three of our member states are littoral states to the Black Sea: Romania, Bulgaria and Turkey. And then we have two close partners, Ukraine and Georgia, who are also Black Sea countries. So we are also working closely with them, helping them, working with them, exercising with them,
21159 critical test of the Taliban's willingness and ability to reduce violence, and contribute to peace in good faith
21160 Allied ministers agreed in principle to enhance NATO's training mission,
21161 For years, all allies have expressed concern about Iran's destabilizing activities in the wider Middle East region,
21162 And of course, we are extremely concerned about the recent attacks we have seen against civilian energy infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, or against coalition bases in Iraq -- bases which are important for our efforts to fight international terrorism in Iraq and in Syria.
21163 At our meeting today, allies called for restraint and de-escalation. A new conflict would be in no-one's interest,
21164 Ministers will discuss the future of our mission in Iraq,
21165 The whole aim, and President Ghani has clearly supported this many times, is that we would like to initiate an inter-Afghan negotiation process,
21166 indiscriminate airstrikes by the Syrian regime and Russia.
21167 focusing on ways to deescalate tensions in the region.
21168 The Taliban have to demonstrate a real will and ability to deliver a reduction in violence to make it possible to have any progress towards a lasting peace in Afghanistan,
21169 But all allies are concerned about Iran's destabilizing activities in the region, Iran's support to different terrorist groups,
21170 The political impression we create now is decisive,
21171 In terms of financing deficits, corporate shortfalls and unemployment reinsurance, it's a lot of money,
21172 The golden decade Germany has seen for growth is gradually coming to an end,
21173 The question is, what's sustainable? And that's I think the big issue. If we shifted to a completely different regime, I think a lot of the policies that Warren and Sanders have said, in the short run, might well boost the economy, but I'm not sure how good they'd be for long-run productivity,
21174 The statement could provide a summary of changes in a consistent set of indicators on inflation, inflation expectations, the unemployment rate, employment growth, output growth, and financial conditions that the Committee regularly assesses to formulate its outlook and view of appropriate policy,
21175 When the lockdown is over, I think we'll get a pretty decent bounce back.
21176 There's a lot of misinformation about how much people are able to telework. It's actually quite a small share of the workforce.... The vast majority of people can't,
21177 This is like an avalanche. It's all happening at once,
21178 Unions are a way to transfer economic levers to workers,
21179 certainly a fly in the ointment
21180 The reality is that many of these manufacturers and retailers have experienced disruption in the past and agreed that the cost savings were worth the risk,
21181 Democracies are being gamed. Authoritarian governments, moneyed elites and fringe hackers are exploiting our digital infrastructure and the vulnerabilities in our democratic system to influence our politics and elections. In just a few years, it has become a perpetual information war. Inherently unstable and prone to wild volatility, our digital ecosystem has at its heart a vacuum open to the influence of those with the motivation, money or expertise to exploit it. Played successfully it can lead to unprecedented swings of public opinion
21182 He has provided critical technical direction in the development of innovative solutions and strategies for balance sheet optimization including sovereign exposure exchange agreement, sovereign risk transfer, Room2Run and the AFAWA risk sharing mechanism. I am confident that Nourredine will continue to provide critical leadership and innovation to ensure that we maintain our triple A rating.
21183 Public investments in both education and infrastructure can yield greater benefits in promoting long-term growth than investing only in education or only in infrastructure because both types of investment strongly complement each other,
21184 to the young mothers, struggling to bring up a child, to the farmer in search of a better tomorrow, to the youth of Africa longing for a better future, and to Africa's journalists who risk their lives in helping to tell Africa's true story.
21185 My ringing of the bell here today marks the beginning of a new exciting, strategic, and impactful engagement between the African Development Bank and London Stock Exchange to jointly expand wealth creation in Africa and the UK,
21186 It's a massive gamble -- and one without science on his side.
21187 It's like a massive natural disaster, an earthquake shaking the whole country, the whole world.
21188 I think a recession at this point is more likely than not,
21189 All of the pillars of the stock market look a bit shaky to me,
21190 The onus is now on governments to quickly provide substantial financial support to hard-pressed households and businesses,
21191 It's not just one of those things, but it's a flood of those things.
21192 That's why people are hanging on in equities. There isn't an obvious place to go,
21193 If they don't know how bad it is, how can policymakers and people make good decisions, and where does it stop?
21194 I've heard there are a couple in Halifax already,
21195 Our relationship with proteins is changing.
21196 My job is about understanding what's happening, the future of food and the opportunities.
21197 The issuance of 100-year bonds is also a statement of confidence in the Israeli economy.
21198 This wreaks havoc on our models.
21199 Today, the government of the Russian Federation announced that starting March 27, 2020, Russia interrupts air traffic with other countries without indicating any time frames,
21200 We have received many requests from governments all over the world, embassies in certain countries, requesting Qatar Airways not to stop flying,
21201 even if you train all the agriculture scientists in the world, and the animal husbandry experts, or soil scientists, even those who are agriculture economists, and those who know how to do the business, if you don't have the right set of policies and the environment that is conducive, you are not going to have agriculture move from this smallholder dimension to a real enterprise,
21202 That's what people came in for, and while they were in they'd buy something.. so it was a big hurt on our business.
21203 The RBA has signalled a long pause is likely. Governor Lowe reinforced this recently. Interestingly, the RBA opted to leave its growth forecast unchanged and instead take on a cautiously upbeat view with recent interruptions from the virus and global trade as temporary. Markets seem to have embraced this too,
21204 It is too early to tell what the impact will be, but the SARS outbreak in 2003 may provide a guide,
21205 When we met six months ago, I said that there were signs that the Australian economy may have reached a gentle turning point,
21206 Many countries are expected to experience large economic contractions as a consequence of the public health response and large increases in unemployment are also expected. Once the virus is contained, a recovery in the global economy is expected, with the recovery supported by both the large fiscal packages and the significant easing in monetary policy that has taken place.
21207 We are going into a world now where settlement balances will be over $100 billion,
21208 The WHO ignored Taiwan's warning that COVID-19 can be transmitted between humans, believing China's lies instead.
21209 There is no need to jam poles into the spokes of the gaming market's wheels in a way that would pull it off the road, but at least you need to attach reflectors.
21210 we don't think this is a Black Swan.
21211 Yes, we have a housing crisis, but we also are not creating enough high-wage, upwardly mobile jobs,
21212 About time. Delays & cancellations under Northern Rail have been getting worse and worse and worse. But Govt also needs a proper plan to invest in our northern railways, trains and stations so we get a fair deal.
21213 But it would be completely unacceptable for the Home Office to try to water down the review's conclusions and judgments about what went wrong.
21214 People assume immigration is polarised but we did a home affairs committee report on it speaking to people all over the country and found it is possible to build consensus. You need a system that is controlled so it's fair. I'm less pessimistic than some people but it's possible we'll get stuck if we don't listen to what anyone else is saying.
21215 Although there are some opportunities to buy, I would say it's probably a good idea to keep some powder dry for another downturn. We might see a double bottom,
21216 Clearly, the return of multipartyism has opened up Kenya's democratic space in ways hitherto unimagined. President Moi's abiding charisma was best exhibited in 2002 when he oversaw an unprecedented smooth transition of power as he proceeded to his retirement. His willingness to readily usher the next Head of State remains a badge of honour on his leadership as well as statesmanship credentials,
21217 Did you give any consideration to (Woman B's) feelings for one minute when you took hold of her and said `let's re-enact the Christmas card' ?
21218 never ever nasty to anyone
21219 did not involve full undress
21220 I didn't pay the friendly warning -- or whatever it was -- any regard, basically, because I had no reason to fear a complaint from (Woman H).
21221 touchy feely, tactile person
21222 the world is in a state of emergency,
21223 This guy's mistake was going to the hospital,
21224 This is going to be lasting at least a year. I think unemployment goes north of 10%.
21225 very reluctantly. But first I would make it clear that there are limits to monetary policy.
21226 flip-flopped on too many issues to be confirmed
21227 will win faster if people stuck in closed societies can freely vote with their feet.
21228 A weak response risks losing face, an excessive response risks losing his head. Khamenei is Trump's most consequential international adversary in 2020.
21229 a Shia foreign legion.
21230 One of the things Iran has become effective doing is operating via proxy. And these days they are operating drones, so it adds another layer of deniability. My sense is we have to really widen the aperture and consider not only attacks on outposts and U.S. interests but also U.S. allies not only in the Middle East but throughout the world,
21231 Doing the front facade is the next step and it will re-instate it to the 1904 original heritage look. We will bring it back to the look when it was first built, that's step one. At the same time we will be working inside to replace or upgrade services such as sewer, stormwater, plumbing and power.
21232 Mentors matter for everyone, and they can have a powerful impact on students' life choices and career success. There is no technological substitute for in-person teaching. Winner-take-all economics & cost-cutting may make many in-person teaching obsolete, but the best education continues to be intensive, expensive & done in person If online learning trends continue unchecked, on-campus learning & intensive interaction between teachers and students may eventually become unaffordable for all but the wealthiest institutions & the wealthiest families. I t is wonderful that technology has enabled millions of students to keep learning even when direct contact is impossible. But once this crisis ends, we will be better off if technology frees up precious class time so that educators and students can engage deeply with each other and build personal connections that will last a lifetime.
21233 It's effective altruism, a scientific approach to charitable giving.
21234 We are hoping the ETP, by employing automatic payments, will be able to automate tax [ payments ] and bring about improvements in our tax collection,
21235 assumes that damages are 2.1 per cent of global income at 3  C warming and 8.5 per cent of income at 6  C warming
21236 I assure you of the state government's assistance, and that a panel of inquiry would be set up to look into the cause of the fire and to establish immediate cause of the incident.
21237 It is a synergy between the world of innovation and regulation that must surely change,
21238 Liquidity kills you quick.
21239 that Oracle is a very different business than it was just several years ago, with one-time license sales having shifted toward recurring subscriptions making Oracle's business much more resilient in these trying times.
21240 There are deep links between friendship and knowledge. Our intellectual horizons expand when we learn from each other,
21241 I feel the law should be scrapped, because such an Act should not have been passed in the first place,
21242 political freedom in the form of democratic arrangements helps to safeguard economic freedom and the freedom to survive.
21243 There are just many more moving parts,
21244 I just don't have a good framework for assessing the risk.
21245 We are delighted to welcome Aisha Hassan-Baba and Kenneth Orji to our Board of Directors,
21246 We don't know when it will come to an end. So, we can't say immediately what impacts it would have on the sector.
21247 We should do all we can so that the situation does not develop like in other countries,
21248 Their capacities make it possible to check about 2,000 samples per day,
21249 regularly plays ice hockey,
21250 All necessary measures have been taken to prevent the spread of the infection in our country, a response team has been established and the situation is under control,
21251 We'll inform everyone today about the border-closure measures in the Far East region and other activities taken by the Russian government [ on coronavirus prevention ],
21252 You put me on the air to prognosticate, but it is so close in those states... there's no way to tell. There aren't many lawn signs out, there doesn't seem to be much door-knocking, I was expecting to see politics everywhere, and I haven't seen it.
21253 A geopolitical and geoeconomic rivalry seems to start -- even if they couch the relationship using nice, friendly, diplomatic language,
21254 After the ideological transformation that took place during the Progressive Era, each genuine crisis has been the occasion for another ratchet toward Bigger Government.
21255 the larger set of transactions that are at play.
21256 These are the weak groups.
21257 This makes you look incredibly ignorant.
21258 Boeing is on the brink,
21259 The hotel industry and the restaurant industry will go bankrupt first, Boeing is on the brink, Boeing will not survive without a government bailout,
21260 You don't need to be a virologist, immunologist, or epidemiologist to understand why a 30-day nationwide lockdown makes sense,
21261 Shortly after the show, I heard that some had interpreted my remarks as being very bearish on the market,
21262 We were sufficiently concerned about the health and economic implications of the coronavirus that we considered, for the first time ever, liquidating the portfolio in its entirety because we believed it was likely that markets would decline materially,
21263 Boeing will not survive without a government bailout.
21264 But we have to give the business community and the investment community the confidence that there's an end date. And the way you kill a virus is you deprive it of its hosts. You do that by a coordinated, 30-day shutdown.
21265 I had become bullish because of my belief that the entire country would soon go into lockdown, and that would be the fastest and best way to minimize the impact of the virus,
21266 Families start to move in... they need to shop, they need to put their kids in school, that kind of thing.
21267 hunch is that this remote worker thing is a real thing,
21268 Is our monetary policy target -- (inflation of) just under 2% -- where it should be? Should it be less, should it be more? Should it be symmetrical? Should it be asymmetrical?... We had heated discussions about that last week in the (Governing) Council.
21269 People with more education and skill are benefiting from the tech. They're getting ahead,
21270 The whole business model was not about informing, but creating a sense of shared identity,
21271 We also continue to appreciate the support from our valued partners and have announced a set of measures to help them manage through this difficult period.
21272 We want to move beyond the status quo maintained on the issue for over a decade and bring the matter to a final settlement [ that is ] beneficial for our country and our long-term business interests,
21273 Barclays has been one of Visa's most important partners in Europe for many years and this new partnership will see us extending our partnership again, enabling Barclays to invest in new and innovative digital capabilities. We're really excited about this agreement and the opportunities it will create for our businesses to collaborate on developing compelling payment experiences to consumers and merchants.
21274 BYU just did you a massive favor,
21275 dissimilar to other professional groups
21276 I believe that monetary policy is in a good place and should continue to support sustained growth, a strong labor market, and inflation running close to our symmetric 2% objective. As long as incoming information about the economy remains broadly consistent with this outlook, the current stance of monetary policy likely will remain appropriate.
21277 I think when people were thinking about immigration policy they weren't paying special attention to the students that come here,
21278 In the last 17 years, we have provided a total of TL 141 billion of agricultural grants and support to our farmers. As a result, our plant production increased by 22% to 120 million tons, our milk production increased by 146% to 20.7 million tons, our red meat production increased by 167% to 1.126 million tons, our chicken production increased by 200% to 2.1 million tons. Our egg production reached 19.3 billion units with an increase of 66%,
21279 It should be noted that Vlieghe is the third consecutive BoE official hinting toward a rate cut, after statements made by BoE's [ Silvana ] Tenreyro on Friday and from BoE Gov. Mark Carney on Thursday,
21280 there is no future in palm oil
21281 They might have built up debt over Christmas and the tax refund is an important part of squaring their balances.
21282 This kind of crisis can catalyze or even accelerate an ongoing change,
21283 We are closely monitoring market developments and we stand ready to provide all the liquidity the financial system needs so that it can continue to serve Canadians,
21284 Nobody ever accuses a firefighter of using too much water.
21285 People are rightfully concerned about the situation, given the human toll the virus is taking and the tragic consequences for those affected.
21286 It's a targeted tax cut as opposed to a general fiscal stimulus,
21287 Clearly, this balance can change over time as the data evolve.
21288 This unscheduled rate decision brings the policy rate to its effective lower bound, to provide support to the Canadian financial system and to the economy during the COVID-19 pandemic,
21289 We made a decision this week not to dip our toe in the water, but rather to make a decisive and clear move so that people get immediate impact through mortgage renewals and cash flow for those with flexible mortgages,
21290 This open call for nominations is another great opportunity to highlight the many stories of heroes, sometimes unsung ones, who have helped shape the Canada we live in today,
21291 In addition, lower prices for oil, even since our last scheduled rate decision on March 4, will weigh heavily on the economy, particularly in energy intensive regions.
21292 If you legislate to make scarce things cheaper, you will only succeed in making them even scarcer. If you think the shelves were bare after all the panic buying three weeks ago, just wait until you see the effects of price controls.
21293 It is not within the power of the central bank to change the structural conditions that would turn around the negative interest rate trend,
21294 very worried about what is currently happening with respect to the spread of the coronavirus.
21295 All of us are very worried about what is currently happening with respect to the spread of the coronavirus,
21296 Right now there doesn't seem to be much fear that at least in the short term the Fed will raise rates,
21297 The models that incorrectly overestimate GDP growth by over 2.77 per cent for India post-2011 also misestimate GDP growth over the same time period for 51 other countries by anywhere between +4 per cent to -4.6 percent. However when the models are estimated correctly by accounting for all unobserved differences among countries as well as the differential trends in GDP growth across countries, GDP growth for most of these 52 countries is neither over-or under-estimated. In sum, concerns of overestimation of India's GDP are unfounded.
21298 Given India's `tryst' with Socialism, skepticism about the benefits of wealth creation is not an accident,
21299 So, given that, he is basically saying we could be in a recession. May be, he is not exactly using the word... I don't know, could we be in a recession? That's the problem, we are not measuring the informal sector. We don't know how much it is tagged,
21300 This time, with expectations of a V shaped recovery in China, that long lag may not be in place.
21301 We haven't been winning. It was time.
21302 While pan-Africanism started as a `stateless' and nationless movement, since the 1958 conference in Accra, it has had to reconcile its more transcendental agenda with the national agenda of new states and nations. And since then the new agenda of pan-Africanism has been much messier than it earlier variants, leading some to nostalgically long for the `Golden Days' when the Pan-Africanism message, task and articulation were much more coherent and straightforward and with a moral sway that was unchallenged. The sheer size of the continent and the dispersion of peoples of African descent has meant that the pan-Africanist project has had to come to terms with a wide range of identities, interests and concerns which include gender, ethnicity, nationality, religion, race and geographical allocation, to only name some major one. However, as I have said on several occasions, I do not believe that the failure of pan-Africanism can be attributed to lack of identification with Africa by Africans chauvinistically mired in their diverse identities, as it is often stated. Nor is it because individual countries have firmly established successful national identities that somehow militate against the pan-African ideal. `Africa' is probably the most emotionally evoked name of any continent. Its people sing about it, paint it, and wear it more than any continent. Its artists produce hundreds of icons of this much `beloved continent' . Every major African singer has at least sang one song about Africa. Even national anthems often evoke Africa much more than individual country names. This said we need all the cultural reinforcement to the pan-African project. Black Panther has contributed in a spectacular way to the cultural underpinnings and imaginary of pan-Africanism.
21303 You'll see Jonah's evolution through this world that begins in this very graphic novel kind of place. But so too when I grew up and began to learn more and could understand more about the depth of degrees of the horror that [ my grandmother ] experienced, those colors began to desaturate and I began to see in stark reality what she went through,
21304 I'd love to continue telling the stories of people like my grandmother. I feel like she's here in some way every time I write a line or see a cut. She's sitting on my shoulder and I hope she'd be very proud.
21305 Why did I decide to create the chess match scene instead of use a real incident of torture perpetrated by the Nazis? I didn't want to take an actual person's torture and show it,
21306 sadism and violence that the Nazis perpetrated against the Jews and other victims.
21307 So, I saw those stories as comic book stories -- stories of grand good versus grand evil, stories of comic books and superheroes and what not. That became the lens through which I saw the Holocaust and saw her story about war and debt and revenge and vengeance and reparations.
21308 I wanted to showcase Jews not as intellectual, nebbishy, victimized, or emasculated, but to show them with might and strength,
21309 Holocaust denial has metastasised throughout the world in the last 10 years,
21310 So I used the lens of 1977 America to speak about the kind of racism and xenophobia and anti-Semitism that we're continuing to face today, to allow people to really try and take a step back.
21311 I can't apologise for enough
21312 We also had failures as all politicians do but all-in-all I think the experiment was good,
21313 Niall Quinn's experience and skills will be invaluable as part of the management team to lead the reform that is so necessary within the FAI.
21314 We are keeping the border open. We are not going that far.
21315 strong component of the global alliance of democracies
21316 The strong support of Televisa, a premier content producer in the Spanish speaking world, and Wade Davis, a proven executive in areas which include advanced advertising and digital distribution, further enhances our confidence in Univision's bright future.
21317 the three-month average national unemployment rate rises by at least 0.50 percentage points relative to its low in the previous 12 months.
21318 Stimulus that is not seen or recognized by individuals is unlikely to affect their sentiment,
21319 They don't need an extra 50 bucks in October. They need an extra 500 bucks now,
21320 Right now is when people are freaking out,
21321 ushering in a more serious and lasting downturn in wage growth... that started about three years after the GFC hit
21322 While I never anticipated confronting a moment as challenging as this one, I am not at all surprised by the fortitude and patience you have shown during this unsettling time,
21323 a process in which something is formed out of something else.
21324 But while that discussion is going on, we continue to up the bar on ourselves.
21325 In 2019, we again delivered strong revenue growth, with revenues of $162 billion, up 18 per cent year over year and up 20 per cent on a constant currency basis,
21326 There's no question that liquidity is sacrosanct.
21327 cure cannot be worse than the disease.
21328 It's important to put things in perspective. This is a 100-year-old Canadian company that says they are `strong supporters' of carbon pricing and of policies aimed at limiting greenhouse gas emissions, and whose production would replace more polluting sources of oil. Here, then, the perfect is really the enemy of the good,
21329 Our assessment right now is that maintaining the supply of liquidity is the most important thing,
21330 This global partnership will assist Mondelz with its expansion into key markets whilst deepening the affinity their customers have for their products. For Manchester United, the partnership enables us to bring Mondelz's popular products to our fans and enhances our ability to continue investing on the pitch.
21331 We're not going to have a recession,
21332 If stress and boredom lead to lower productivity, then there is a clear business interest in seeking remedies,
21333 It's a study in what shouldn't be done in corporate America,
21334 As a shareholder, I would want John Visentin, who is running Xerox to run the company, because Visentin, I think has shown already his ability at Xerox and has cut the heck out of costs there and done a great job,
21335 No to the constitutional coup.
21336 nobody gets a  25,000 pay-out for nothing.
21337 The gyms were not air conditioned and it was hot but those girls didn't miss a beat,
21338 powerful socialist movement to end all capitalist oppression and exploitation.
21339 to strip hundreds of millions of people... of their citizenship rights.
21340 Movements are learning from one another. What we have learned is that what we do inspires working people elsewhere and when working people win victories based on inspiration from us, we have to take that inspiration back on our shoulders and win something here,
21341 The thing damaging our economy is a virus. Everyone who is trying to stop that virus is working to limit the damage it does to our economy and help our eventual rebound. The choice may well be taking pretty extreme steps now or taking very extreme steps later.
21342 We are used to this kind of thing. It's when an unscrupulous Russian ship owner opens a PO box in Northern Ireland and hides behind it. In reality, it's all Russia.
21343 We were honored to have the HAF's and the HCG's support for these flight demonstrations with our MQ-9,
21344 It's no exaggeration to say that a bitcoin ETF is highly anticipated,
21345 the possibility that the Fed might actually cut rates in the coming year
21346 Our debt-equity ratio is now a very conservative 2.9 times, giving us great headroom for future growth. Liquidity was ample throughout the quarter,
21347 That is true, but it has been pulling back from having bricks and is more and more virtual. I personally think that was a big mistake.
21348 The findings from our regressions speak of the importance of financial literacy,
21349 This is my idea of when America was great: when there were 8,000 varieties of corn... when there were 50 million buffalo, the single largest migratory herd in the world... in a territory with 250 different species of grass. Tremendous biodiversity: that is where life is, in biodiversity. Today, in the same landscape, you and I know that does not exist.
21350 This was mainly the result of heightened uncertainty combined with a slower pace of recovery in the Euro Area and, in particular, the escalation of US-China trade tensions.
21351 what we actually have is, when you talk to the Circle, there's a producer who's transcribing what you say. Instantly, that gets pushed to the next room. So there is some humanity in the app, and that's a couple of producers whose job it is to take dictation from the players.
21352 creation of awareness to examine the connection of government exercises [ like NRC and CAA ] with the day-to-day issues
21353 every component of aggregate demand -- consumption, capital spending, exports -- [ in ] unprecedented free fall.
21354 He is a quick learner and, with his fantastic attitude and work ethic, I'm certain Zak will become a better and better player for Kent and for England.
21355 Much of the immediate economic impact of a pandemic can be traced to the efforts to contain it, rather than from the effects of the disease itself. As we attempt to quarantine those who might spread the disease, we shut down a lot of economic activity.
21356 Had we not suffered a supply disruption, our 4Q numbers could be as strong as 4.3%, and for the whole of this year, instead of the 4.3% [ as announced ]... it could be as high as 4.7%.
21357 life is a gift and art is a profound medium through which to share it.
21358 one of the most loyal people in my life
21359 Surprising thing is that coming at a time when everybody is disturbed about a slowdown, the word slowdown is not used at all in almost three-hour long speech,
21360 But only in a narrow sense, because at least as far as I'm concerned, the most important thing to know about even the Trump phase of U.S.-China trade diplomacy is that the Chinese are not going to abide by anything that's on paper, no matter how specifically phrased.
21361 I think [ emergency relief packages ] will help and in this regard -- I think that Congress's Republicans are simply going to have to hold their noses and vote for a bill that contains a great many programs that in normal times they understandably wouldn't like, because these aren't normal times.
21362 Every province achieved a growth rate of 6-8 percent in the last fiscal year,
21363 It is therefore all the more important that the German government, the EU, and the European Central Bank (ECB) take massive and targeted countermeasures.
21364 magic formula that beats the market.
21365 Risk was controlled by the Fed,
21366 A lot of forecasters have been saying, `If we were to see a recession in the next year or two, it would be coming from some external shock,' and indeed that's just what we're getting,
21367 shows how severe this pandemic is, despite what some would like to believe.
21368 Unfortunately, this shows how severe this pandemic is, despite what some would like to believe,
21369 A huge share of government workers were going to take vacation days, say between Christmas and New Year's. And then we have a shutdown, and so they can't go to work. So then they have the vacation, but they don't have to use their vacation days,
21370 Through her leadership, she has shown the importance of investments in research, science and innovation to our state's economy.
21371 Today, the tradition of old Lublin intertwines with modernity, which manifests itself in technologically advanced industrial plants, high-class office space and developing infrastructure, as well as smart city management. Thanks to EU funds, local people are benefiting from ecological urban transport, the fourth generation economy is developing, and successive stages of the smart city concept are being implemented. Building friendly, green spaces in districts is also a priority. Lublin is not only a good place to live, but also an important economic, cultural and academic hub in Central and Eastern Europe. Our participatory projects have been recognised as good practice on a national scale, and the active participation of residents in shaping the city continues to result in investments that increase the quality of life,
21372 We are deeply fortunate to be located in a city that has a unique depth and breadth in academia and healthcare,
21373 We're also delighted to see more local territorial authorities coming on board, as we work towards building a nationwide picture of forward works,
21374 And it's very hard to reach them.
21375 It's a unique opportunity that shows the value of investing long-term,
21376 Like most other countries, including the United States, England, India, Indonesia, and Brazil, China's healthcare system has some significant problems,
21377 We call on Major League Baseball to immediately sever its ties to Roger Waters, cease promoting his upcoming concert tour, and repudiate Waters' vile lies about Jews and about the Jewish State of Israel, which incite Jew-hatred,
21378 We will do a mid-term review, and if the impact is so much, we will need to do an adjustment in the budget, working together with the National Assembly,
21379 being hyped as The Black Plague before an election,
21380 gold is the currency of last resort
21381 Demand losses across the complex are now unprecedented,
21382 So sellers can expert to sell their home in a shorter time and, likewise, buyers can expect to still have a good number of choices.
21383 Violence and civil strife are alien to this land. We must not lose this gem. It is what defines us a people.
21384 That is good. But they must also be held accountable,
21385 We can't wait to see what the 2020 White Night event has in store,
21386 I've got the latest information from both the Commonwealth and Formula 1 management and the grand prix is going ahead as planned.
21387 entail working in unfamiliar circumstances or surroundings, or working in clinical areas outside of their usual practice for the benefit of patients and the population as a whole
21388 Northern Ireland remains in the containment phase and it is important to emphasise that. This will obviously be kept under constant review,
21389 Let me reassure Dr Kelly and other doctors that we are working very closely with the BMA (British Medical Association), with the Royal College of General Practitioners) and business service organisations to make sure we get the right PPE to the frontline.
21390 The patient is receiving specialist care and Public Health Agency personnel are working rapidly to identify any contacts the patient had, with the aim of preventing further spread.
21391 The faster people are recruited to clinical trials and other studies, the sooner we will get the evidence so patients can get the best possible treatment. Those who volunteer for studies will help others in the future.
21392 `We've got to be careful not to mythologize this into the pandemic Godzilla. '
21393 We're getting new information. It's very valuable information.
21394 At the rate we're going, we're going to deplete very quickly,
21395 Expectations among citizens, I think more than those of capital markets, that is something that has to be managed very carefully.
21396 Since 2008, the dollar share in cross-border corporate bond positions has increased by 20 percentage points, while the euro's share has collapsed by the same amount,
21397 they're inching their way closer and closer to the edge of the diving board, and their knees are trembling.
21398 a psychopath and the most incompetent and dangerous person ever to hold this office in the history of the United States.
21399 value of value is the cheapest it's ever been by a fairly decent margin
21400 We don't understand why the parliament would go to recess. The AKP and its ally, MHP [ the Nationalist Movement Party ], may think that there would be no need for the parliament as they have already passed the omnibus bills,
21401 And those that don't do that, won't. And it has little to do with what government policies are taken away.
21402 In Canada, that rubber stamp on the utility bill was the point where you started getting your energy from places that you don't know,
21403 Once countries are able to look beyond the pandemic, therefore, a concerted international effort to reduce emissions and prevent climate catastrophe will be necessary, feasible and urgent.
21404 We have a 40-year bull market in bonds that just recently came to an end, but that's based on people on Wall Street like Larry Summers [ former US Treasury Secretary -- Ed. ] and others to collateralize that predictable income stream to create a Mount Everest of debt and to play games in the bond market.
21405 But it's a lot more than that, we have a lot of classroom lessons that focus on behavior and character issues, how to deal with bullying, suicide prevention, and the list goes on and on.
21406 Failure to comply will lead to closures,
21407 Smart beta or factor investing (example, momentum, low-volatility, etc) allows you to beat the index on a risk-adjusted basis.
21408 The real reason is that Americans are spending more than they produce.
21409 Unless we bring those extraordinary budget deficits under control, history tells us this is going to be a much more rapid rate of price increases than we've seen,
21410 could be rationalized with the influence of bots.
21411 Don't privilege anyone above anyone else,
21412 Employers may also be alive to the potential cost savings of encouraging or requiring greater working from home, especially if they have opted to invest in technologies to facilitate it. A reduction in office use could also weigh persistently on demand for rental space and rents, which may feed through into lower cost inflation and a period of weaker price inflation.
21413 If people find domestic suppliers, they will stick with them... because of those perceived risks.
21414 It's a very cynical strategy based on the idea that the fires will end, the drought will be broken and people will move on,
21415 A world economy already suffering from insufficient demand -- owing to rising wealth and income inequality -- is now vulnerable to a massive supply-side shock,
21416 if it is funded in a very efficient way, it could lead to positive economic growth, despite its price tag,
21417 My refund amount is around Rs 32 lakh, including interest. We never got the house we invested in, but we sincerely hope we recover our money through the auction.
21418 She was a very loving mother, she was always very helpful to other people and she was a big champion of the underdog really.
21419 They have frequently proposed cuts to the program, and under President Bush, sought to privatize it. They may well use a temporary tax cut as an opportunity to weaken the program's finances so that they can then push for cuts or privatization.
21420 It's almost inconceivable they'd be able to compete with them because the biggest cost with frac sand is the shipping,
21421 Faculty and staff from across the University are rising to the challenge and sharing their skills and expertise to help us all fight this pandemic,
21422 good health and a safe place.
21423 Government needs no popular support as long as it can secure obedience,
21424 The Fed has to be careful about defining what it needs to do or what it can do,
21425 This was a team that could make a pretty deep run.
21426 Wuhan's failure shows up the systemic weaknesses in the top-down structure of the China model, where everyone in the hierarchy is accountable to someone above.
21427 Anyone now from our school households can come to our school site and request as many meals for their household.
21428 In light of the continued growth in coronavirus cases in the U.S. and globally, the sharp further tightening in financial conditions, and rising risks to the economic outlook, we now expect the FOMC to cut the funds rate 100 basis points on March 18,
21429 It is certainly true that some of the data have been disappointing, however there have been some signs that we could see a pickup in the weeks ahead.... With a new budget due on March 11, it certainly wouldn't hurt for the Bank of England to hold fire.
21430 It would not be irrational to do so when risk is largely unknown,
21431 minimise the risk of passing climate tipping points.
21432 prevented an economic depression and the break-up of the euro
21433 The government should do what any good housewife would do if money was short-look at their accounts and see what was wrong.
21434 This is the nature of software development now, and quality assurance must change in step,
21435 a faculty-led process with significant student input.
21436 litmus test for European solidarity.
21437 Time is short. Germany and France are themselves about to experience rapid spread of the virus, and their economic and financial systems are already under acute stress,
21438 Back in the 1940s and 1950s, virtually all kids in America would grow up to have a higher standard of living than their parents did. So for children born in 1940, for example, 90 percent of them went on to have a higher standard of living than their parents. And if you look at kids who were born in the 1980s, who are turning 30 today, when we're measuring their incomes that number is down to 50 percent,
21439 Davos is one of the few places where I can directly confront Russian officials with human rights violations,
21440 The only charge against Julian, hiding behind the nonsense of espionage, is a charge of journalism.
21441 With tourism, once you lift travel restrictions, you usually see tourists return to travelling very quickly,
21442 As master planner and lead architect we are delighted to have secured planning permission for phase 2A of the Northstowe community. Our design for this contemporary mixed-use residential quarter is inspired by the form of traditional edge-of-fenland settlements and recent archaeological discoveries within the locality.
21443 Now the project has a backer with deep pockets and a long history of actively contributing to global warming regardless of the warning signs,
21444 Our health care workers are the most susceptible to exposure and are in a position to pass it on to other patients. These are the workers who most need to be protected.
21445 Though water was supplied in tankers in some of the buildings after the collector intervened, we are not sure if it will be a permanent solution to the problem. I heard many employees working in Vismaya and TCS are not planning to come to work on Friday,
21446 We believe the leadership will understand the political imperative to act decisively to control the economic fallout of the current crisis,
21447 As a precautionary measure in line with preventive efforts taking place across Hong Kong, we are temporarily closing Hong Kong Disneyland Park starting from January 26 out of consideration for the health and safety of our Guests and Cast Members,
21448 Michigan families know that in times of crisis and uncertainty, United Way will be there to support them, and this crisis is no different. United Ways across Michigan are mobilizing financial and human capital, leveraging public-private partnerships, and working in unison with Michigan 2-1-1 to provide vital information and resources to support ALICE families -- those who are working, but struggling to make ends meet, and protect the most vulnerable in our communities. Now and always, United Ways are doing what we do best -- coordinating community partners, responding to emerging needs, and adapting our role to best serve all Michigan residents,
21449 Psychology is everything in this,
21450 SARS sent ripples across the global economy, wiping $40 billion off world equity markets. But since the SARS outbreak, China has grown from the world's sixth largest economy, to the second biggest.
21451 That is going to be harder now, because gyms are closing and many people are operating on stay-at-home orders.
21452 We have spent over $1.3 billion investing in it... with no commercial capture facility for coal, and one for gas -- and that one has been riddled with issues.
21453 We must maintain open and competitive markets in order to to develop the aviation sector and our economies.
21454 When there are not many cases, the risk associated with going out tomorrow is not high, but the risk to society is very high because you could expose others.
21455 A key concern about a long-lasting impact of the sudden stop of the world economy is the risk of a wave of bankruptcies and lay-offs that not only can undermine the recovery but erode the fabric of our societies,
21456 In other words, sharp decline in economic activities in China, followed by a rapid recovery and a total impact on China relatively contained.
21457 Just seeing how the G20 united around debt standstill for the poorest members gives me that confidence that whatever is necessary we will collectively do in the face of this tremendous crisis,
21458 We estimate the gross external financing needs for emerging market and developing countries to be in the trillions of dollars, and they can cover only a portion of that on their own, leaving residual gaps in the hundreds of billions of dollars. They urgently need help,
21459 a moderate pickup in global growth this year and next.
21460 We are impressed by Morocco's determination to pursue its major structural reforms so that its economy can meet the aspirations of the Moroccan people,
21461 We all recognise that the situation with the spread of the coronavirus is very serious and could well get worse. This affects us all,
21462 knocking on the door of the IMF for lifelines.
21463 But we have not yet reached a turning point.
21464 is no longer a regional issue -- it is a global problem calling for a global response,
21465 or else we would have been talking of a recession,
21466 We are considering all ways of being able to assist our members and SDRs are also on the table here.
21467 provides grants to our poorest and most vulnerable members to cover their IMF debt obligations for an initial phase over the next six months and will help them channel more of their scarce financial resources towards vital emergency medical and other relief efforts.
21468 This provides grants to our poorest and most vulnerable members to cover their IMF debt obligations for an initial phase over the next six months and will help them channel more of their scarce financial resources toward vital emergency medical and other relief efforts,
21469 the academy is a place open to different views, not a narrow-mindedness that could constrain good dialogue.
21470 using all instruments to their fullest extent.
21471 What was normal just a few weeks ago -- going to school, going to work, being with family and friends -- is now a huge risk,
21472 I am particularly concerned about our low-income and more vulnerable members. These countries may see financing needs rise rapidly as the economic and human cost of the virus escalates. Our staff is currently working on identifying vulnerable countries and estimating potential financing needs should the situation deteriorate further. The fund has resources available to support the membership,
21473 We are still faced with extraordinary uncertainty about the depth and duration of this crisis,
21474 Both the supply and demand effects of this extension reduce growth in the shorter term as businesses stay shut for longer and households with incomes spend less,
21475 This will likely also increase job losses.
21476 You can't call an emergency meeting and do nothing; you call an emergency meeting and you change rates.
21477 Europe and North America need to continue to stand together in the face of increased global competition -- economically, militarily, technologically, and, more fundamentally, over our way of life and our values.
21478 I strongly believe that the best way we can fight international terrorism is not always by deploying NATO troops in big combat operations,
21479 a clear understanding of what President Trump actually wants NATO allies to do in Iraq and the Middle East.
21480 Defender Europe 2020 is not aimed at any particular country.
21481 Allies condemn the continued indiscriminate air strikes by the Syrian regime and Russia in Idlib province,
21482 We are united in condemning Iran's support of a variety of different terrorist groups. At the meeting today, allies called for restraint and de-escalation. A new conflict would be in no one's interest. So Iran must refrain from further violence and provocations.
21483 This is why we are considering taking on some of the coalition's current training activities. We will also explore what more we can do beyond this first step.
21484 We had several briefers from the United States, from the State and from Pentagon and they briefed and explained to other allies why they took this action against General Soleimani,
21485 I believe that monetary policy is in a good place and should continue to support sustained growth, a strong labor market and inflation running close
21486 Broadly speaking, I would reject the suggestion that just because this expansion is in year 11, it's about to end.
21487 I personally know him. It is natural to raise questions but I can't pass any judgment,
21488 The future of girl child in India, organised by Pratichi (India) Trust
21489 The World Bank Group is taking broad, fast action to reduce the spread of COVID-19 and we already have health response operations moving forward in over 65 countries,
21490 The World Bank's accountability mechanisms, including the independent Inspection Panel, have been instrumental in ensuring accountability and improving compliance with the World Bank's policies and procedures,
21491 With this adapted format, we are confident that our member countries will be able to effectively engage on pressing global economic issues at these Spring Meetings,
21492 A broad and equitable debt relief process is urgently needed, so IDA countries can concentrate their resources on fighting the pandemic and its economic and social consequences.
21493 This package provides urgent support to businesses and their workers to reduce the financial and economic impact of the spread of COVID-19,
21494 They wouldn't normally get this,
21495 A much higher share of people who can't telework will lose their jobs in this recession than those who can,
21496 It's not often you'll hear us telling you not to pay attention to the Bureau of Labor Statistics's monthly employment situation report,
21497 Based on new GDP forecasts, we project that nearly 20mn workers will be laid off or furloughed by July, with losses in every state,
21498 This is a very different animal from the Great Depression,
21499 I have a lot of confidence in Jay Powell and his colleagues there at the Fed. This problem will eventually resolve,
21500 We need the digital currency a little bit less I would argue internally, but rather to help preserve the primacy of the dollar worldwide.
21501 I don't censure what people say,
21502 It would be anathema to me to suggest we devalue our money to gain a trade advantage,
21503 would be one potential replacement
21504 We want to tell our people that the situation is under control and this will not stop us from achieving the goals of our revolution,
21505 With this trip to a symbolic city like Kauda I want to tell the people in every corner of the country that they are not forgotten and while they might have been out of sight, they were never out of our hearts and minds.
21506 Cohuna's population nearly doubles over Easter and we definitely discourage people from coming. We don't have the resources of Melbourne,
21507 Either China massively increases imports and reduces current account surplus from the current 1.5 percent of GDP, or it engages in trade diversion away from current providers of goods which compete with the US,
21508 Before that the government either needs to recapitalize the smaller banks or get a stronger lender or an asset manager to buy the weaker ones with a caveat they lend to small businesses.
21509 That can only happen through a combination of shadow banking and lending by smaller and regional banks,
21510 a hibernating grey rhino waking up to global risk aversion.
21511 Equally, there is a strong case for stepping up climate change mitigation in decarbonizing their economies.
21512 I'm not sure what Bernie gains by the `sometimes dictators do good things' defense.
21513 The industry is likely to emerge in a much more healthy position with many of the zombie companies that were a dead weight on returns removed, even paving the way for an attractive international offering of Saudi Aramco,
21514 This profession is my calling,
21515 we always keep an open mind and watch the data
21516 Owning a home in Vancouver, Toronto and Victoria, in particular, continues to be an impossible dream for many,
21517 Now with financial markets getting quite concerned that this isn't just a mild outbreak that will slow economic growth but might have more dire consequences, we think the Bank of Canada, taking that on board, they're likely to want to lower the policy rate,
21518 We're particularly interested in making sure members of the environmental community are with us, that there are elements of the labor community that are with us, that there are elements of the business community that are with us, elements of the health community that are with us,
21519 Vice President Pence is a former governor, I know him a little bit from those days and I think it was a good choice.
21520 It has come to my attention that, in addition to receiving public comments on this rule through www.regulations.gov, the White House accommodated industry requests for the use of an email address, NEPA-Update@ceq.eop.gov, to receive comments on the proposed regulations,
21521 NEPA enshrines democracy by giving the American people a voice to help decide the fate of federal decisions. For 50 years, NEPA has sought to ensure environmental protection, public health and the notion that the American people have a say in the federal decision-making process,
21522 This administration has implied that bringing us to the brink of war with Iran will give us an opportunity to finally bring Iran to the negotiating table,
21523 Mr. Wheeler has just hired a new chief of staff whose tweets proclaim that she believes that the so-called looney left wants to, quote, `implement a Soviet-styled takeover of our energy and our economy' and that, quote, `Democrat actions are corroding democracy, '
21524 The president, the vice president, the secretary of defense and the secretary of state all asserted that the Iraqis were developing weapons of mass destruction and called on this Congress to give the President the power to respond appropriately. While there is no wall for the over 4,400 men and women who have died in the Iraq War, these Americans have laid down their lives in a conflict that was based on a lie.
21525 We should not be giving self-graded take home exams to polluting companies. And allowing merely 60 days for public comment on these sweeping changes is not nearly enough time to fully consider its broad, far-reaching implications.
21526 This would seem to fly in the face of rational rulemaking, which requires the benefits to exceed the costs, not the other way around,
21527 While you can't predict them, you should know they can come around. You should be thinking these types of scenarios are possible. Does that mean you change your risk appetite? the answer is no in my view. But you need to always know that they will occur you just don't know what flavour.
21528 Whether it's an oil shock, a war, a pandemic or an asteroid invasion,
21529 It's hard to say what I've accomplished because we always worked as a team, and I was part of the team.
21530 a lot of attractive features,
21531 A lot of sectors are being hit, especially the services sector. A lot of income and spending is being reduced. That's just an enormous shock to the economy.
21532 I find what we're going through right now much scarier,
21533 I think it is terrific President Trump has come around to the idea that Americans should get checks. They shouldn't have to go to a workplace to get it,
21534 There should be a very high bar before bailouts for particular industries are considered,
21535 Look, I'm an economist and I am gruesomely comfortable with putting a value on a life,
21536 One of the problems in the response last time is that many in Congress, especially Republicans, just grew tired of fiscal stimulus and we stopped it too soon,
21537 You don't need a date. You need a plan,
21538 a once-and-for-all enterprise. It is the constant renewal, reformation, and extension of freedom carried out by many people over many years under many circumstances that is really to be celebrated and contemplated, with the end and purpose of freedom in mind -- in the words of the framers [ of the Constitution of the United States ], `the enjoyment of domestic tranquility.
21539 the good news -- if there is any to be had -- is that far fewer people crossed our paths recently than is usually the case.
21540 What is our role in such contentious times?
21541 Our major sources of revenue -- tuition, the endowment, executive and continuing education, philanthropy, and research support -- are threatened, and we expect to see increased demand for financial aid....
21542 In the same way it took more than one meeting for this group to discuss the issues, it's likely to take more than one month for the Corporation to respond as well,
21543 but the level of GDP will remain below the pre-virus trend with considerable uncertainty about the strength of the rebound.
21544 The strength of the recovery will depend a lot on what governments do now during this period of containment... [ they should ] provide necessary economic support required for households, for firms, to prevent them from becoming bankrupt, so those measures are very central, alongside health measures to contain the virus. Once the recovery happens and we are past the pandemic stage it would be... for advanced economies to produce [ a coordinated ] fiscal stimulus,
21545 claims human experience as free raw material for hidden commercial practices of extraction, prediction, and sales... [ and ] asserts dominance over society and presents startling challenges to market democracy.
21546 I would urge the President to release them so that we move on. It's an opportunity. If the President does not fire them that's a recipe for unrest,
21547 Others are very sceptical about our alliance with MCP. Let me tell you that `inetu ndimaganiza boo and izizi ndinaganiza boo heavy' ,
21548 I'm comfortable in my fuzzy slippers and jammies, sitting at my computer, just talking the issues with the voters!
21549 British luxury has an obligation to lead from the front when it comes to sustainability.
21550 It was one of the first scenes I ever wrote,
21551 She would take potato peels from the trash cans and store them and give them to other people in her bunk. It was dangerous, she could have been shot for doing it, but she risked her life so people could eat. Even though all she was giving them was scraps.
21552 It was for this reason that I made the decision that all of the concentration camp prisoners (and survivors) in the series would be given tattoos above the number 202,499,
21553 Any time you portray the Holocaust or Nazis on screen, controversy is invited. To me there's even more urgency to tell this story because of that.
21554 I had a bar mitzvah, we celebrated the holidays. When I was 15, we went to Lodz, Poland -- where my parents grew up -- Auschwitz and Israel, where some of my family went after the war,
21555 was always to honor the Jewish experience, to shed light on hidden crimes, to honor my grandmother's story.
21556 Oil production in Saudi Arabia increased fourfold, while oil prices collapsed by approximately the same amount in real terms
21557 The timeline of the collapse of the Soviet Union can be traced to September 13, 1985,
21558 Sorry I can't be there, because I'm here.
21559 I see the SCUM have blood on there hands again LG x.
21560 it's like watching the f *** ing the opera
21561 So that's maybe what's causing the confusion.
21562 But not to the point where I buy her flowers every day and chocolates and stuff.
21563 Rite (right) sick of pleading begging etc no more olive branches I DEMAND an oasis reunion after this is all over all money going to NHS c'm on you know (sic).
21564 Now that feels perfect.
21565 How's Noel amid Covid 19 Liam?
21566 Today's gon na be the day that they're gon na throw it back to you / By now you should have somehow realised what you've got to do / Wash your hands, scrubs your toes / Scratch your arse and pick your nose / Cmon, you know.
21567 We know the business sector has loans close to a trillion dollars if they are saving a little more on their interest payments -- it won't be the thing that fixes the economy -- but it helps with the margin.
21568 It is a good idea to their credit, I think the concept of hibernation is a good one, I'll be watching with a huge amount of interest in how they frame that.
21569 Why wasn't there some coordination statement from the Treasury?
21570 a circle virtuous, satisfying and diffuse growth
21571 As somebody who has been associated with the power sector for almost three decades including as minister, the call to go dark for 9 minutes at 9 pm on the 5 April can have a deep impact on the grid and its stability. I sincerely hope this is being properly managed.
21572 That he almost single-handedly kept the flame of Indian freedom burning across the UK in the 1930s and 1940s is without question. That he played a crucial role in the transfer-of-power negotiations in the months leading up to the end of British rule in India is evident,
21573 Madhav Gadgil was a key player in protecting Silent Valley,
21574 Unfortunately in the public, the propaganda is that the Congress is soft on minority communalism. It is a reality. We have to address this issue. We cannot live in a make-believe world. We should wake up.
21575 This can only be stated by someone who has never faced a direct election and has no constituents to answer to,
21576 Congress leaders have to reinvent themselves. Congress party has to reinvent itself if it has to be relevant. Otherwise, we are staring at irrelevance. Our arrogance has to go, even after six years out of power sometimes, some of us behave as if we are still ministers,
21577 I know that the Kerala government has passed a resolution but it's a political resolution. Whether it will stand the test of judicial scrutiny, I am not 100 per cent sure,
21578 I got 25 police officers raiding my office. What should I do?
21579 Lots of logistics, lots of hotels booked, lots of lost revenue to the city.
21580 Of course, if the virus continues to spread and gets out of control, and we see closures not only in China but also in India and the United States and everywhere else in the world, then it would be a big problem,
21581 China has built a huge logistics -- transport logistics -- which is like harbours, shipping lanes, airplanes, that actually are able to move all of those goods in and out of China
21582 The ACCC's decision not to oppose this deal should not be read as an indication that the ACCC will take a similar view on future possible acquisitions by Bunnings. Expansion into more specialist retailing in particular segments by acquisition of existing competitors, as opposed to organic growth, will be very carefully considered.
21583 A jump to more than half of all plans offering unlimited plans in just five years really is a sign of the times.
21584 Leaving TPG and Vodafone in their current state would not create more competition in the retail mobile market,
21585 There's a lot of times where they're getting charged for things they shouldn't have been, and promised things they don't get - and also, you've got the potential for competition problems because it's a very concentrated market.
21586 When it was announced, [ Telstra chief executive ] Andy Penn said this is generally good for the industry. The industry did not want a disruptive competitor. So it is good news for industry, not good news for consumers.
21587 When did you find your moral compass?!
21588 And he said, `I'm going to send you to Tokyo to fluff the fans so to speak, for the rugby world cup.' I always dreamed of going to Tokyo but I never thought I'd end up there.
21589 I then wrote an article about the challenge for an American journal called Mortise & Tenon,
21590 With these suspensions, they are required to hold make-up classes. For those who will be absent due to self-quarantine, they will be entitled to make-up classes and/or make-up examinations.
21591 Ang suggestion namin panahon pa ni Mayon, sinasabi na namin `yan na sana iwasan natin ang paggamit ng school buildings as evacuation centers dahil nadi-disrupt ang classes,
21592 Ang sabi namin, yung mga anak nila should go to the nearest public schools at saka the other day, nagpirma ako ng order na ang mga bata a pupunta dyan sa mga public schools kagaya ng sa Marawi, tanggapin with or without documentation. Saka na lang yung mga requirements,
21593 We have agreed that DILG at ang (the) police will supervise as truant officers. So yung nandiyan sa labas, tatanungin sila magdadala ng libro (So those outside, they'll be ask. If they are there, they will be escorted to the parents and for the parents to be lectured on the responsibilities of being a parent that children should study even while they are detained in their respective homes,
21594 If you take Palaro, you take 30,000 learners as well as parents and grandparents attending. And we have been advised to take care with exposing our children to public places. So right now, the policy is temporary postponement of all these activities,
21595 Can somebody with a piece of wisdom explain to me what advantages Turkey has got in Syria? We host 3.6 million Syrians and we have spent $40 billion. The government is concerned of around one million more refugees from Idlib,
21596 It will be us that will bring peace with our neighbors,
21597 Debt is not a problem, it's very bad debt that's a problem,
21598 A stepped-up effort to deal with delays in government payments will also help, as will the continued focus on growth-supportive `Big Four initiatives' . Although the recent locust invasion is a source of potential pressure on agriculture, creating a firm base for sustained medium-term growth will matter much more,
21599 Evaluating Federal Reserve Moves amid Coronavirus Outbreak
21600 In some countries things have been done, but generally speaking, including of course, the U.S., we're still waiting to see exactly what the response will be and very importantly, how it will be received by markets,
21601 there are scenarios where things could be very bad, and there are certainly also scenarios where we could have recession globally if things do go in the wrong direction,
21602 As the trade war came along, we began to see business spending slow down,
21603 Russia has the best hand at the geopolitical poker table. The Kremlin, for 20 years, has been doing the opposite of everyone else by reducing their national debt to near zero, and buying thousands of tons of gold while simultaneously raising living standards,
21604 The majority of the agencies that have closed, their volunteers are in the most at-risk category as senior citizens,
21605 The typical response for those in power is to look out for the big guys,
21606 For me, boycotting is a political question -- the Montgomery bus boycott worked because it was part of an organized strategy. In the face of a trillion-dollar corporation with half of U.S. households as Prime subscribers, for me to boycott Amazon would be personally uplifting. [ But ] I don't think I can be dishonest enough to pretend that if I didn't shop at Amazon, somehow it's having an impact. We should also not allow people to kid themselves on their lifestyle politics either, I mean, this is capitalism. How many companies are you going to boycott?
21607 We have 4.9 miles of fence around this site. That takes some time to get together.
21608 The public health implications of our findings are significant,
21609 We lost 476 hives and we've now lost I another 800 that have died from heat stress,
21610 which may well facilitate a quicker economic recovery.
21611 If we were going to have retaliation to the retaliation, there would be reprisal.... That looks like it's not going to be the case,
21612 In times where it's quite anxious and difficult and fearful, it's very easy to drop into a tribal mentality, a fear of the other,
21613 There's a bigger discussion that'll have to happen so that our tax system matches our modern economy.
21614 Policies will ultimately prevail, but the means and the timing will determine what the subsequent landscape looks like. Everyone, from governments to companies to households to investors, can do their part to achieve a better outcome.
21615 The Middle East is getting even more uncertain by the day. This is likely to intensify rivalries in a region already littered with proxy wars,
21616 Rausser College has some of the best economists in the world and some of the best scientists in the world, and by working together, as they must, they uniquely position the college to provide not only the fundamental science, but also the practical solutions, needed to tackle these challenges.
21617 That means candidates running for president of the United States, you need to stand up and oppose climate change. You need to stand up and oppose Line 3.
21618 That's what we wanted to examine -- can you turn down isoprene production, and does it matter to biomass productivity and general plant health? It looks like it doesn't impair either significantly.
21619 but it was certainly novel for the U.S.
21620 Customers prefer to keep their money at home rather than in their bank accounts, where negative interest rates are threatening,
21621 He counts NFL stars and owners among his closest friends,
21622 I am looking at it now to do it the way I've built every business, and build it from the ground up. I am prepared to stay with it.
21623 The coaches [ and general manager Chris Grier ] make the decision on the draft choices. We have to look at what his health is and everything else and see what the alternatives are.
21624 Tua is a great player. I just worry about his health.... The coaches really make the decisions on the draft choices. We have to look at what his health is and see what the alternatives are.
21625 In this very difficult period, it will only be the survival of the fittest.
21626 because when you grow an airline, you will need accommodation for the staff, and you will need to bring in some specialized people or experts and you will need to provide accommodation for your cabin crew closer to the airport.
21627 Really, 5 [ megabytes ] is a good minimum.
21628 The imminent threat of a no-deal Brexit on Jan. 31 is negligible
21629 This is a test for the eurozone,
21630 Although it is still too early to accurately measure the impact of this pandemic, it is safe to say that the hit to the global economy will be more severe
21631 The SAT was originally conceived as an objective measure to even the differences in curriculum and grading across the country. But objectivity has eroded, while the perceived importance of the test has grown,
21632 This investment in KRCC will enable the station and CPR to be more reflective of the state, bringing important stories, ideas, and experiences to audiences across Colorado,
21633 These measures will help keep firms in business and people in jobs, and they will prevent a temporary economic disruption from causing long-term harm,
21634 It is early days, less a case of `so far, so good' , than `so far, good enough' .
21635 So then, why are BCC leaving themselves in this precarious situation?
21636 The leading companies in the City are also fully engaged in their communities and the responsibility we have to our immediate localities.
21637 Survey data suggest UK economic activity has picked up sharply since election.
21638 It's very early days and we are, like others, monitoring this quite closely, as you would expect, and, like Chair Powell, I don't want to speculate in terms of orders of magnitude,
21639 We... have a statutory responsibility to identify the major risks to financial stability,
21640 This is a big package. It's a big package. It is a big deal.
21641 Although the risk of a semi-hard Brexit at the end of 2020 will continue to hang over the UK, the sweeping 12 December election win for (Prime Minister Boris) Johnson and his Conservative Party has brought much of the damaging uncertainty of recent years to an end,
21642 This is less of a case of so far so good, and more a case of so far, good enough,
21643 Vigilance is particularly warranted in the light of some signs that monetary policy is encouraging increased risk-taking and contributing to elevated asset price inflation and income inequality,
21644 The economy is giving good signs of stabilization,
21645 We used to travel to and fro together but now he's having a great time -- and not being an MP means he cooks more. He's much tidier than I am, though ironing is a bit of a push.
21646 Yes, high economic growth results in inflation. In our case, the inflation is from seven to eight percent on an average in the past. But presently we are below six percent on an average. This means that inflation is also under control. Some people say that inflation has sky-rocketed, it is not the case. Sky-rocketing of inflation means the inflation that is above three digits. Some of our collegues say that the inflation has sky-rocketed in a `provocative' tone. Ours is a case of average inflation. On an average it is normal.
21647 You can only facilitate. If you look at the two, then it is not possible to say that you can deliver because it is not upon you. You are facilitating.
21648 You look at all the empirical evidence on how previous experiences have occurred, how much people have changed their behaviour under shocks we've seen, and you build that experience and that evidence into the parameters of the model,
21649 Youth unemployment must be given top priority. With 12 million graduates entering the labour market each year and only 3 million of them getting jobs, the mountain of youth unemployment is rising annually,
21650 You are going to have to pay back when you are not earning the money. These bonds are oversubscribed because people see opportunities to make a killing.
21651 These are critical times for Africa as it addresses the challenges resulting from the Coronavirus. The African Development Bank is taking bold measures to support African countries. This $3 billion COVID-19 bond issuance is the first part of our comprehensive response that will soon be announced. This is indeed the largest dollar social bond transaction to date in capital markets. We are here for Africa, and we will provide significant rapid support for countries,
21652 These are critical times for Africa as it addresses the challenges resulting from the Coronavirus. The African Development Bank is taking bold measures to support African countries. This $3 billion Covid-19 bond issuance is the first part of our comprehensive response that will soon be announced. This is indeed the largest social bond transaction to date in capital markets. We are here for Africa, and we will provide significant rapid support for countries,
21653 Anyone who has the ability to help, the means to help, needs to jump in, and we need to do more than we've ever done before. I am doing more than I've ever done before.
21654 We've shown in the elections since that we can stop election interference and ensure privacy.
21655 Rob fixed us up. He was the invisible hand behind it all. Rob talked to us both about what we were looking for and he thought we were a good match, and we got serious very quickly. Tom wasn't someone I'd met on a dating app, he was someone I knew -- we'd been in the same rooms, I knew about his kids. He's unlike anyone I've ever met.
21656 As has previously been stated, there will not be a sharp transition between containment and delay phases. Many of the actions taken during containment will still continue in any delay phase.
21657 We need to take steps now and over the next couple of weeks to protect our health service, so that our brothers, sisters, mums, dads, grannies and grandfathers get the care they need from the health service and to protect our healthcare workers.
21658 In this environment... forecasts are really difficult to do,
21659 The goal is really to get as many key companies as possible to still be around at the end.
21660 signal to me right now is, the economy is going to keep chugging.
21661 Spendthrift treasurer doesn't have a clue
21662 There's a very different strategy in Europe than in the United States about how to manage this recession,
21663 To me, losing greater than 99% of coral reefs is an absolute catastrophe that's just one dimension of this experiment that we're doing on our planet, and we're just six or eight years away from that being inevitable. That's why it is a climate emergency. That's not hyperbole, that's where we're at,
21664 All these elements of upbringing and my subsequent engagement with NGOs in India helped build in me a sense of how important nature is to the poor.
21665 You don't have to be an environmentalist to care about protecting the environment. Just ask a farmer who now has to rent beehives to pollinate his crops, because there are no longer enough bees in wild nature to do the job for free. But bees don't send invoices, so the value of their services is not recognized
21666 The most important affect will be through tourism. It's one of the main industries for many of these small countries,
21667 There has been no quick-fix in the budget on how to handle the economic crisis. We have to admit that we are in `growth recession' and it is a huge problem. We require macroeconomic adjustments and interconnecting measures to deal with the present crisis.
21668 Every citizen is a tax payer and wants betterment of civic amenities and services. It is not a largesse, but the right of municipal bodies to get their due share. Once their due shares are given, it would further lead to democratic strengthening of local bodies. The country cannot progress without local bodies getting their GST shares,
21669 This time, the ban on construction activities was unusually long and it was a huge set back for the sector. The air quality had improved last month and the ban should have been lifted earlier,
21670 We're not really sure that Wall Street is the best place to make medical decisions for us.
21671 because at some point in the not too distant past, we allowed pension funds to make risky investments as long as the risk is balanced in the overall portfolio.
21672 They won't have to do it again! This is now an established industry.
21673 Our representatives in Congress really need to get their act together.
21674 Probably every major city in America has safety-net hospitals in gentrifying areas, where the real estate is so much more valuable than the hospital to the private-equity company.
21675 If Sprint goes bankrupt, its assets will likely be sold to the other three companies, potentially enhancing the already strong dominance of the two market leaders,
21676 They've created a true marketplace for startups. They've created a destination for them,
21677 We are also giving priority in our workshop to key workers, and further priority to NHS workers who rely on their bikes for transport.
21678 doesn't feel like a mustache-twirling villain from a dystopian novel.
21679 [ After-School All-Stars is ] really good at what they do. They use sports as a hook, playing basketball, playing soccer, wrestling and try to get them to do well in school.
21680 A man pissing all over a woman's work... seems right,
21681 at this point would be self-serving and of limited
21682 For some reason progressives don't object when companies pay money out to shareholders through dividends. Buybacks are superior because they give shareholders a choice. Shareholders must receive a dividend when it's declared and pay taxes on it. In a share buyback, investors who want cash can sell some shares and pay taxes. If they don't want cash, they can choose to hold on to their shares.
21683 He has beliefs, but he is curious about the intellectual debate. It is why he spends so much time at university. I also find him rather modest. He is not an arrogant or a showy person at all. He is a modest, smart, intellectual, personable person.
21684 Is that the fault of the science team that developed the model, the engineers, the people who did the data mining, or the business people who didn't understand the problem they were trying to solve?
21685 That's not an accident folks.
21686 It was just like a sit-down and chat,
21687 They got into some fight, and now there's a war going on in the puzzle world between them.
21688 It's a very dangerous game, but I don't think she has a choice,
21689 shocked to see that the EPA's approach to distilling the scientific information obfuscated the evidence.
21690 This is a historic opportunity for the world to, on one hand, create packages to recover the economy, but on the other hand, to reduce dirty investments and accelerate the energy transition.... Here the issue is not only the level of money (dedicated to stimulate the economy) but the direction of the money.
21691 underscored the importance of market stability, as the impacts of extreme volatility are felt by producers.
21692 In such a society, electricity security is the foundation of prosperity and stability -- but ensuring that security requires action from governments,
21693 It would only help to mitigate the damage we are seeing.
21694 [ We ] need to remember that it is possible to have too much of a good thing,
21695 Addressing climate change isn't something that is a core responsibility, any responsibility of the Reserve Bank of Australia, but what we do have responsibility to do is to understand the economic implications and from there the financial implications,
21696 We've decided to increase this interest rate to 10 basis points.
21697 full employment and the achievement of the inflation target over time
21698 The coronavirus is first and foremost a public health issue, but it is also having a very major impact on the economy and the financial system. As the virus has spread, countries have restricted the movement of people across borders and have implemented social distancing measures, including restricting movements within countries and within cities. The result has been major disruptions to economic activity across the world. This is likely to remain the case for some time yet as efforts continue to contain the virus,
21699 there are reasonable prospects of a quick bounce back.
21700 there has been extensive damage to farms, businesses and public infrastructure
21701 If that process doesn't work, then we would have to consider a regulatory solution.
21702 The truth is none of us know how this is going to play out,
21703 Addressing climate change isn't something that is a core responsibility of the Reserve Bank of Australia, but what we do have a responsibility to do is to understand the economic and the financial implication of climate change,
21704 Bengal Finance Minister Amit Mitra has called for a three-day session of all finance ministers to overhaul the framework of the Goods and Services Tax, the design of which is faulty and is one of the reasons for the economic slowdown in the country today.
21705 My deepest concern is for February-March, we will not get paid,
21706 put all African children into school up through the secondary level.
21707 I mean everybody's economic needs should be met, that people should have the dignity of work that the poor should be helped, that this is about the core ideas of human wellbeing.
21708 This policy is unconscionable and flagrantly against international law. It is imperative that the U.S. lift these immoral and illegal sanctions to enable Iran and Venezuela to confront the epidemic as effectively and rapidly as possible,
21709 Sterling is the weakest of the major currencies today, shedding about 0.5% by around midday. hree considerations appear to be weighing on the pound,
21710 China is four times bigger than it was when SARS broke out... so in some ways, China represents a downside economic shock. Countries will have to respond with fiscal policy or monetary policy or accept slower growth,
21711 Fiscal deficit spending that finances uncapitalized consumption expenditures leaves no lasting impact on future standards of living,
21712 I do think our communications could be crisper,
21713 Many of the home sales that are likely to be missed during the first part of 2020 may simply be pushed into late summer and autumn parts of the year.
21714 Under historical spread conditions [ given the rock-bottom Treasury note yield ], the mortgage rate should have been around 2.5%. But we're not in normal times.
21715 the coronavirus has undoubtedly slowed buyer traffic.
21716 the entire economy differently from the dominant Anglo-American capitalist tradition.
21717 the ethical legitimization of inequality.
21718 In the absence of other principles and institutions, the market tends to augment the inequalities in time,
21719 The main thing I do is remind everybody is it's still tremendously early in the campaign, and nobody has yet voted,
21720 It's not like a regular business cycle; anything to slow the spread of the virus is the greatest economic stimulus you could have, and it's now clear that U.S. government policy is not doing that.
21721 It's not in any way against the vice president and I will support whoever is the nominee against Donald Trump because even the Democratic candidates that are farthest from me in this space -- they're far preferable for my purpose than what the president's doing.
21722 the overall fiscal deficit will increase from the programmed GH 18.9 billion to GH 30.2 billion, which will be 7.8 percent of revised GDP.
21723 Ken Ofori-Atta, Minister of Finance, Ghana by Africa.com
21724 the threat of infection spreading in our country is minimized,
21725 As for resources, they are fully available, all these decisions must be made and start working right now, from the beginning of the year, so in this sense I want to assure you that work is already underway and I hope for your support,
21726 We are all well aware that the tasks facing us are not easy,
21727 In total, the Russian Finance Ministry reserved 1.4 trillion rubles (1.2% of GDP) for the purpose of combating the spread of coronavirus and implementing anti-crisis measures,
21728 The main thing is that people understand that the situation is reliable, so that they do not spend money on groceries that then have to be thrown away,
21729 What if the U.S. next week reports 2,000 new cases in a day? Markets would look at that and see it as a sharp uptick and we could have a very messy day again if that happens.
21730 In one word: Irrelevant,
21731 Some of the [ economic ] losses will be recovered in due course, but we have to expect a substantial net hit, especially in the services sector.
21732 The speed of the drop in stock prices, and the accompanying sharp deterioration in credit markets, is what matters,
21733 should limit the damage,
21734 We expect a further decline in April, which ought then to be the floor, or close to it.
21735 Wherever the five P's have not been applied, you have a disaster,
21736 A particular bilateral trade deficit or surplus is totally devoid of economic meaning.
21737 Every day we wait, we prolong our collective misery
21738 confident the president will do the right thing
21739 New opportunities may present themselves that are superior to investments we currently own. This may lead us to sell certain of our existing holdings including investments we recently purchased,
21740 I will go to my grave... believing that really loose monetary policy greatly contributed to the Financial Crisis. There were obviously problems with regulation, but when we had a 1% Fed Funds rate in 2003 after, to me, it was pretty obvious that the economy had turned (up) and I think the economy was growing at 7% to 9% nominal in the fourth quarter of 2003 and that wasn't enough for the Fed. They had this little thing called `considerable period' on top of the 1% rate just so we would make sure that their meaning was clear. And it was all wrapped around this concept of an insurance cut... I've made some money predicting boom-bust cycles. It's what I do. Sometimes I am right. Sometimes I am wrong, but every bust I had ever seen was proceeded by an asset bubble generally set up by too loose policy...
21741 Interestingly however, the bounce in risk sentiment did not transmit into Europe, where investor confidence fell sharply this month, possibly from a combination of weaker economic data and continued uncertainty of a hard Brexit on the region.
21742 We will move to ZWL$ 10 and 20 and sometime in the near future we will need a higher denomination,
21743 It's a concern that one might do one's job as an analyst and face police scrutiny and misinformation that is not even direct, but is clandestine, that undermines the quality of my reputation and that of my co-author [ Cornell University's ] Nancy Brooks,
21744 recent, unethical killing of top Iranian officials in a third country -- which has embarrassed even conservative EU leaders -- has not helped Greece's image.
21745 The White House visit took place at the wrong time and was out of context,
21746 The government should focus on restoring the people's faith in them. There is no need to waste time and attention on mere speculation,
21747 They bet big on oil prices going up and staying up,
21748 I am engaged in many new projects, tracking and analyzing our policies aimed at helping families in need,
21749 It is a fabrication, just as she has encouraged at least five other people to exaggerate or make claims against me.
21750 My strong advice to you is to go home and those who are able take care of your families and God help us all.
21751 What's a fabrication is that on the dance floor I proceeded to sexually assault her,
21752 The [ analytic ] attempt to divide all income between labor and capital is a fool's errand.
21753 The Fed has hit it out of the park, as far as I'm concerned.
21754 Doctors and scientists are working flat out to deliver better testing and better treatments, but this will take time. Before then we will run out of capacity in intensive care units if we do not obey these instructions. These measures are therefore necessary to prevent thousands of deaths. I urge everyone to comply with them immediately.
21755 both extreme and too precise, especially allowing for the limitations in the daily reports.
21756 In the end, if it's just the Chinese or maybe the Russians, then I think the breakup of the European Union will be unstoppable.
21757 It stipulates that ministers, agency heads, governors, regents and mayors must prioritize using their existing budgets to support mitigation efforts in accordance with protocols established by the COVID-19 task force,
21758 the most photographed man on Wall Street,
21759 He was a great believer in social justice and in the need to uplift the condition of the working people.
21760 If a laboratory finds a therapy, in the current climate there will be intense pressure for the treatment to be sold at a low cost,
21761 The vaccine business in general represents 2 percent of the global drug market,
21762 In scenarios that are increasingly spoken of as the norm, over one-third of the U.S. population -- some 100 million people -- will at some point be infected by the virus. If 3-5% require hospitalization (as seems to be the case, based on available data), some five million hospital beds will be required over the life of the pandemic,
21763 Our team works with a range of volunteers, clubs, other councils, businesses and our mana whenua partners to plan and deliver the events, so the summer events programme is a good way to recognise and celebrate the great work being done.
21764 unlikely to be sufficient in the years ahead.
21765 We need a banking system that's able to meet the credit needs of the economy,
21766 Typically, what's happened in the past is there may be a short-term impact of an epidemic or a pandemic but, longer term, it seems to have relatively little influence, and I think many observers are hoping that will be true this time,
21767 could engender risks to financial stability as investors reach for yield and take on leverage.
21768 If it doesn't hit in a substantial way in the United States, that's less likely,
21769 Unemployment rates for a time may go to Depression levels. But this is very different than the Great Depression or the recession in the U.S. economy that we experienced in 2009 and after,
21770 We know that social distancing is the one thing that we can do to get ahead of this,
21771 securing proper flood defences so that whole villages aren't lost
21772 You're missing the other dimensions of what's going on in the United States... you get a very partial picture when you look at the report.
21773 At this stage, we think the balance is still more in favour of this being an event-driven bear market, suggesting that the rebound in equity markets will be swift, but from a lower level,
21774 detailed information about the measures that Wetherspoons is taking to support its employees during the current coronavirus crisis
21775 stands ready to provide to support all countries to prepare for and respond to
21776 The precise magnitude of the financial impact is highly dependent on the duration of the closures and how quickly we can resume normal operations.
21777 We are so excited about our next generation of future life-changing service dogs,
21778 We have not had such incompetent fiscal governance... in the history of independent Georgia,
21779 YouTube's model is an ad-funded model, they're generating $15 billion from ads... that is a massive business and it's successful without having too many paying subscribers... (but) I worry about what regulators might do to that business,
21780 making the sizable investment to build it out, taking the long-term view here,
21781 One story I read this morning was how doctors and hospitals were reporting a big reduction in people who are showing up in the emergency room for conditions where they normally would -- for instance, for heart attacks,
21782 There is often a stigma to being unemployed, or people feel there is a stigma, and that can lead to other negative health effects,
21783 Spending on the needy at this time is a high priority use of resources, the right thing to do as a humane nation, as well as a contributor to the fight against the virus,
21784 Yes Bank had given us enough notice that it has been in difficulty... so there was enough time to put together a plan. I hope what we have got is best available (plan), but I don't want to second guess, because I don't know the details,
21785 The central bank is doing what it can,
21786 the less educationally advantaged classes came to believe that the parties of the left now favor the newly advantaged educated classes and their children over people of more modest backgrounds.
21787 It is obviously very convenient for the elites to explain everything by stigmatizing the supposed racism of the less advantaged.
21788 What is he trying to achieve with this unsubstantiated comments, is it because we are in an election year or what...,
21789 a strong indication of the economy and market confidence. This is important because the other ways to raise funds, such as raising taxes, is difficult to do during a crisis.
21790 Achieving equality will take time, but it is encouraging that all regions have improved. We hope that this research will continue to serve as an important tool to inform policy making and level the playing field for women.
21791 Ambedkar also went to the London School of Economics (LSE), he also received a law degree. While on returning to India, he became the chairman of the Amendment committee and looked into all proceedings of the Constitution. However, Nehru went to Cambridge and failed,
21792 improve the condition of the Indian currency
21793 The division bench of Chief Justice Ramesh Ranganathan and Justice Alok Kumar Verma heard arguments from both sides and directed the government to file their responses within three weeks,
21794 businesses may start to feel a little bit better about things, and we should see wage growth begin to pick up again.
21795 Most disconcerting, the virus is dimming the optimism of consumers,
21796 Under any scenario, if we get a good stimulus package, I still think it's a big hit. It's hard to gauge but my guess is we'll be down 2 percent to 3 percent in Q1 and around the same in Q2, assuming we get a lot of fiscal stimulus,
21797 If the American consumer loses faith, and the coronavirus will be a real test of faith, then a recession is going to happen,
21798 Overall, three - and six-month average ADP job gains now stand at 159,000 and 151,000, respectively, close to the 12-month average of 163,000 but still well below 2018's pace of 213,000. This suggests labor markets have settled into a steady, more modest pace of growth,
21799 A global recession is more likely than not,
21800 But when unexpected dangers emerge, they fear these more than is truly justified.
21801 her wage would rise to $65,000 -- her full labor compensation. With an income tax of 6% -- which, if applied to a base large enough, would be enough to fund universal health insurance -- she would have to pay about $4,000 more in tax. But the net gain would be enormous: $11,000. Instead of taking home $50,000, the secretary would take home $61,000.
21802 It is vital to put in place effective policies to provide income support to those who currently cannot work.
21803 It's always easy to talk about what other people are not doing right, but we can also think introspectively about ourselves. How many people in this room in the last month have eaten more than they think they should?
21804 I've been a little concerned by what I thought was the excessively cautious strategy that PCORI used in its early years, which is not hard to understand because of its almost near-death experience and the political pushback they were facing,
21805 Neighbours may not always agree, but that doesn't mean they don't work together on the many other issues on which they do.
21806 I'm hoping they fill their time with lots of homework and writing beautiful papers.
21807 The simplest thing you could do would be to basically take a flamethrower to the way the whole adult and further education budget has all these pots. I do not know as much about the local authorities, so I will stick to the adult education budget going to the colleges. If you could get rid of all these silly little divisions and special programmes, and just hand them the money -- and also allow them, as happens in other countries, to have a certain amount of carryover between years -- I think overnight you would increase by 30 per cent the amount of money that went straight through to the classroom.
21808 This is really, to me, utterly common sense.
21809 We did an actual test with five people. Initially we were [ concerned ] it's got a couple of disadvantages for a TV show: People are in their own space with nobody else. But quickly we learned the juxtaposition of them and the interactions and energy and comedy and some drama,
21810 We will vigorously pursue all litigations against Actis Consumer Grooming Products pending before other forums in India and abroad.
21811 You certainly don't want to encourage them to gather in a big arena,
21812 The Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport, Shane Ross TD and the Minister with responsibility for Tourism and Sport Brendan Griffin TD, today (Thursday 9 January) met with a delegation from the FAI, including the newly appointed independent Chairman Roy Barrett and independent Directors Catherine Guy and Liz Joyce,
21813 I don't want your audience to get nervous,
21814 This is in the larger context of black men fitting the description of a suspect who has a hood on, who has a face covering on,
21815 We support and value all members of our community, especially our Hmong members during this period,
21816 I don't care how expensive that is. Until we know the extent of things we can't gauge anything else.
21817 We know that states in general are going to have fiscal problems,
21818 It is a reflection of collaborative efforts across the university to help our students be successful and realize their goals.
21819 like a very controlled experiment
21820 During COVID-19 restrictions, Soldiers and Families may be separated from the general population and may not have `face to face' contact with Leaders and AER Staff to process an assistance application,
21821 This is a site of national historical significance that people can learn from.
21822 So the CPTPP covers nearly 14 percent of the global economy and is the third largest free trade area in the world.
21823 The carbon tax is, from an economic efficiency perspective, the perfect policy, which is why lots of people, especially economists, keep saying we must price carbon emissions. But this statement is factually incorrect; even 100% decarbonization can be achieved by regulations alone,
21824 The Governing Council was unanimous in its analysis that in addition to the measures it decided on 12 March 2020,
21825 we have achieved most of our aims.
21826 Corrupt members of Congress deserve time in prison, not taxpayer-funded federal pensions,
21827 Every time heightened fiscal deficits fail, the policy advice is to choose still larger deficits,
21828 Cutting GDP to Counter the Coronavirus Pandemic.
21829 really what the economy needs at the moment
21830 So sad to see #TakeMeOut come to an end. I owe everything to the show, the wonderful producers, everyone backstage, @PaddyMcGuinness & the contestants of series 8. My little family wouldn't have existed without it.
21831 The aim of our policy actions has been to ensure that the economic effects prove temporary, by minimising business failures and job losses that could cause a lasting reduction in the supply capacity of the economy,
21832 The EU and the United Kingdom would fall under WTO rules, which isn't hell but is far from today's heaven. It would hurt, which would be stupid,
21833 The rental vacancy rate decreased in Burnaby in 2019, and that coincided with a year in which the universe of rental apartments also decreased by 255 units. That's due to the number of units taking offline, because of eviction and demolition, exceeding the number of new rental units that were completed. Burnaby led the region last year in terms of condo construction, and it's not always clear whether removals from the rental universe are in fact replaced with rental, or replaced with condos or other development.
21834 There are increases in the credit card delinquency rate that make you wonder whether some parts of the population are not doing as well, or whether this is just a result of more relaxed lending standards,
21835 This is the time to keep kicking China while it's down. The Chinese economy was growing at its slowest rate in decades. Its foreign trade balance has weakened tremendously. Its exports to the United States -- by its own statistics, which... can be dodgy -- fell by about 20 percent, last year.
21836 We do not want to leave behind to the next generations an ever more hostile and ever less habitable world,
21837 we need to be prepared for different scenarios,
21838 You really can't shut down the global economy for six months and expect anything to continue,
21839 Also, it's worth noting that wages are growing faster for those without a college degree than with a college degree.
21840 I certainly did not expect it to come from a virus, but I have had the conviction -- for a long time -- that investors needed to be ready for an extreme market decline,
21841 If you travel a lot, maybe you want those rewards for travel,
21842 despair; anxiety; loneliness; sadness; strain, depression and bad nerves; phobias and panic; being downhearted; having restless sleep; losing confidence in oneself; not being able to overcome difficulties; being under strain; feeling a failure; feeling left out; feeling tense; and thinking of yourself as a worthless person.
21843 public health must prevail over the economy.
21844 That's a long way from now. At the top theoretically, rates [ would ] be substantially higher.
21845 the leading opposition contender for Venezuela's May presidential election, Henri Falcn, was told by US officials that the Trump administration would consider financial sanctions against him if he entered the presidential race.
21846 to improve Tunisians' purchasing power.
21847 What it does is it basically takes care of the needs of two major employers in the city and is going to allow for the ability for those companies to expand in the future,
21848 Employers are unable to evaluate workers appropriately, so they put emphasis on length of hours worked. Those who work long hours are rated highly,
21849 everything is a little upside down
21850 What we'd hoped would be a V-shaped recovery ends up being a Nike swoosh,
21851 Once people feel safe, you're going to see attendance of sporting events skyrocket,
21852 The manufacturers and distributors are trying to catch up, and they will catch up at some point, but buying more than you need is not very helpful,
21853 Building a psychologically safe workplace.
21854 control over the Partnership and General Partner
21855 Initially [ news of the spread of coronavirus ] had a big psychological effect. But I still feel China is the best place to produce toys and will be for the foreseeable future,
21856 My case was one of the first gender discrimination suits, and the court in Samara recognized it.
21857 No, we're not that far, and we're just going to assess it in the next week or so,
21858 A lot of the damage is already being inflicted purely from major decisions being delayed,
21859 Because who is going to live in California when they are 35 and want to buy a home and have a family?
21860 More than any particular brand, I'd rather highlight Empire Rye as a category,
21861 Munich has seen falling vacancy rates and rising rents for years, so we are delighted to have secured for our investors this modern and flexible office building in such a competitive market. With the property's strong tenant and its excellent subway connections -- you can get to Munich's main train station in 15 minutes -- it represents a sustainable investment. Furthermore, it adds another future-proofed city to the fund's portfolio, according to our Dynamic Cities index.
21862 Recent tax reform initiatives constitute a much needed transformation of the country's tax system towards greater simplicity,
21863 Second is the separation of workers on the skills high road, that go to university, and the 50% that do not.
21864 The free flow of goods, capital, and people has generated enormous benefits but also created channels for rapid worldwide contagion from financial shocks, geopolitical conflicts, and epidemics,
21865 broadly satisfied with the overall level of capital adequacy
21866 help him get things done.
21867 I can only speak to watching Leon and Connor, but it's been special. Connor is a generational player and Leon has come a long way. They both have things to talk about. They both have things to work on. But they're spectacular, entertaining.... Those Bruins guys, well, looking forward to Saturday.
21868 It follows a donation of  6,000 in December and one of  25,000 last August and upholds the long tradition of positive interaction by LOSC with the O's. I should like to thank our club members for their loyal support in enabling the club to make these donations and to our committee for their ongoing hard work at LOSC.
21869 There is enough potential in the country to manage the situation without making any emotional decisions. We can manage the situation while maintaining the level of social welfare we have achieved, without creating any additional problems for the financial sector.
21870 This is unusual because it's not a place for dumping nuclear waste,
21871 Understanding changes in mobility patterns is important for the government to establish whether the current restrictions are likely to contain the spread of the disease and whether more or different, interventions should be put in place in the coming days or weeks. This work shows the power of data and is a good example of how it can benefit everyone.
21872 We have unlimited fiscal space in terms of financing these programs,
21873 It's like a no-interest loan to them and can help stem the revenue loss.
21874 Particularly pressing is the need for a rigorous and meaningful review of the Confucius Institute for Business, the [ Peking University ] summer school... and the ethical implications of having joint MSc programmes with institutions in which academic freedom is increasingly constrained by the Chinese Communist party.
21875 These appointments demonstrate our commitment to nurturing talent and rewarding success. We have a deep pool of highly qualified and dedicated employees, who can be challenged with more responsibility in attaining our corporate vision,
21876 You can put down all the money in the world, but the G20 needs to be talking about funding and distribution of ventilators and vaccines. You need public health officials as much as finance ministers.
21877 at a level below, but close to 2% over the medium term
21878 But, I think the Islamic Republic's penchant for repression is high regardless of whatever anyone says in D.C.
21879 It is on this basis that we had his instructions to file the human rights application which has been served on the Attorney General, IGP and COP Edward Tabiri. It is therefore misleading the media report that Dr Duffour Jnr is on the run...
21880 The chances of a global recession are high, with the shock to economies expected to be larger than that during the global financial crisis,
21881 These are urgently needed given that peak volumes are estimated to be only three weeks away,
21882 can create a place to sort of find community,
21883 If there's a savior of the auto industry, it would be [ President ] Obama,
21884 The gold standard of greatness,
21885 The yellow metal had an excellent year [ in 2019 ],
21886 With the land area suitable for arable farming expected to drop from 32% to 7% under AMOC collapse, we could see a major reduction in the value of agricultural output,
21887 I have no plans for big changes. As they say, `If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
21888 I wouldn't blink an eye if we spent $500 billion or $1 trillion on fiscal stimulus, if it is directed at the people who need it most,
21889 If this explodes into a full blown Eurozone crisis then it would be a huge crisis, self-inflicted crisis that's really totally unnecessary given where we stand,
21890 Regulators must act urgently to block this doom scenario,
21891 The latest statistics show that between 2005 when we started, and today... the emissions reduction is 29%, and that is for all the installations in Europe, all big installations, and the energy and the manufacturing industry. So, 29% down in less than 15 years, I think is quite remarkable when we compare it to emissions from transport that are roughly 20% up,
21892 There was a website put up by the administration to try to sway people to vote in the way the administration wanted,
21893 There will be difficulties in continuing to maintain that growth and it will probably drop significantly, but we can solve it due to the economic fundamentals we have in the medium term,
21894 This new itinerary, designed and implemented at an unprecedented pace, will allow us to take advantage of our freighter fleet in order to partially meet the shortfall in belly capacity. We are working to provide our clients with more and better choices and serve as support for the region's economy,
21895 Throwing Precaution to the Wind
21896 We are in the midst of the biggest economic crisis of the post-war era, one where sport is at the bottom of the food chain,
21897 Converting the look of the field is one thing, cleaning up the building is another thing, we don't want sticky floors,
21898 feel constrained by trying to make things add up
21899 It's the perception that I think is relevant if people have different experiences with law enforcement that are prejudicial.
21900 Science tells us that nearly one million out of the nearly eight million species on our planet face the threat of extinction
21901 she may have allowed herself to become a target of Beijing's agents of influence in Australia. I am worried about her vulnerability, and also how this is going to have an impact on her political party and the democratic political system here in Australia.
21902 Students on this campus deserve leaders who will lead boldly and bravely, not those who are going to cave whenever the administration pushes back or worse, peddle bigotry and ignorance that threatens our campus community,
21903 Thanks to the task force that was launched two weeks ago, the public research institutions in Luxembourg have joined forces in the fight against COVID-19 and can provide valuable support and knowledge to help us make data-based decisions. The CON-VINCE study will be one of the key elements for an empirical basis in the handling of the current crisis
21904 What about Canadian lamb producers or producers of sorghum and lentils? We have a deal with the European Union. We don't have one with Britain,
21905 When we studied the phenomenon with this criteria in mind, the settlement that qualified on this count was, surprisingly, Dharavi. It gives others so much but consumes less public resources,
21906 Behind the scenes Infracom is also continuing work on the 30-year strategy for infrastructure, which has begun with an infrastructure needs assessment. We support the short-term `shovel ready' projects that the Infrastructure Industry Reference Group and Provincial Development Unit are identifying and it's essential that long-term thinking continues alongside this.
21907 I was asked to give my details in writing including my name, address and age. I was also asked to submit my medical documents. The members of the crime branch team asked me where I was at the time of the incident and where exactly I was attacked. They also asked me if the incident was recorded on the CCTV cameras installed in the library,
21908 In addition, it could limit lawmakers' ability to adopt deficit-financed fiscal policies to respond to unforeseen events or for other purposes,
21909 It feels like a time for action rather than words...
21910 If there's anything I've learned, it's that we can fix this world together...
21911 mortal danger to the European Union.
21912 She was interested in looking at the steps through which empowerment is reached. All her working life she has visited fields. She will not make research questions without her field experiences. Being a statistician, she understood the importance of numbers,
21913 This increase is likely to be permanent.
21914 vaccine against this virulent threat,
21915 and many who do go aren't paying much attention to their teachers; those paying attention are the least likely to be ideologically indoctrinated.
21916 Copper is the king of green metals if you want to clean the air,
21917 Get a bike, go to the cinema with them-do something else,
21918 His contribution for the PSL and for Pakistan cricket is unmatched. I believe he's the face of our league and the most cherished overseas player as well. We are privileged to have him with us once again,
21919 The weak numbers is for 4Q19, even before the impact of the coronavirus outbreak,
21920 They won't bring back electric power any quicker when the lines go down if utility companies don't have enough trucks and crew. And shortages of what we need -- not consumers and businesses unwilling to spend -- is the coronavirus economic challenge.
21921 We really think if you treat people shabby enough, for long enough, bad things happen to them.
21922 and we expect a flow of small hindering measures between the two economic blocs but not a full-blown trade war.
21923 But, it should be good news for consumers because they should be paying less (for those out-of-market live telecasts).
21924 Even if we generate Rs5 trillion with a 12% tax-to-GDP ratio, the federal government has to give around Rs3 trillion to the provinces. So the federal government already starts with a deficit,
21925 Mike has been a champion for addressing the impacts of climate change, which is a critical issue for Floridians. And, on the weekend of the anniversary of the Parkland School tragedy, his record on gun safety is a reminder that we need new leadership in our country,
21926 Thank you President! I think you are well orchestrating the compulsion of history and demand of destiny that we and India be the best of friends, joined at the hip and yet as family, free hearts and minds to love across a spectrum of emotions, but always together,
21927 The idea of using private insurance to cover some or all health-care costs -- instead of taxpayers paying for it -- has been pilloried in Canada for many years, but it's a common feature of other universal health-care systems around the world,
21928 the results of public investments in the riskiest phase of drug research [... ] are accessible only to the private companies willing and able to deliver medicines needed by the public, at a cost the public can afford.
21929 The trade measures announced in the budget are indeed somewhat worrying,
21930 I think, in terms of levels, we're kind of back to normal having absorbed the changes to B-20 and the higher levels of interest rates, et cetera.
21931 The obvious advantage is that we can do it at the drop of a hat,
21932 There are significant measures happening today and next week which I think people should see as a co-ordinated and very powerful package,
21933 industrial logic of combining these two great American businesses.
21934 A lot of these bonds now are in grave danger,
21935 cannot and should not incur massive leverage
21936 one of the most dangerous charts in financial markets
21937 She considers that fashion is essential and should be exemplary, and she brings conviction and determination to promoting the circular economy.
21938 Shutdowns applied in fragile ecosystems may turn out to be utterly ill-equipped. In the absence of a minimum revenue, the poor must quickly go out and look for work, which could reignite the contagion.
21939 the party of the highly educated in a country with a hyper-stratified inegalitarian educational system
21940 The ACCC considers that tools specialists, such as Adelaide Tools, are Bunnings' closest and strongest competitors for the supply of tools and outdoor power equipment, particularly to trade customers,
21941 The ACCC stands ready to grant interim authorisations quickly when they are in the public interest.
21942 could cause immediate and irreparable damage to a competitive Australian air passenger transport industry
21943 Otherwise, they should be able to move to a cheaper plan with top speeds their connection can actually provide.
21944 The most difficult part of this recall, dealing with those that have not yet complied, is upon us. We want to ensure the remainder of those vehicles are located and dealt with as required under our compulsory recall notice.
21945 More Australians are getting fixed broadband services at home as their data needs increase,
21946 While competition and investment is giving consumers better value in terms of higher quality services for their money, consumers who do not want `bells and whistles' are struggling to find cheap, entry level, fixed broadband and voice products,
21947 Because this merger has taken 18 months since that time, those payments have been done already, and that means that becomes part of the debt of the merged company, which is going to be roughly $4.5 billion for a company that will [ generate ] roughly $1.7 or $1.8 billion EBITDA. So the ratio increases slightly, but it's still an investment-grade ratio.
21948 In our view, TEG Live's conduct was unacceptable, and we are pleased around 5,000 consumers will receive automatic refunds,
21949 This Measuring Broadband Australia data clearly shows that too many consumers with FttN connections are not receiving the speeds they are paying for.
21950 Kaufland realised it was a game they couldn't win in the short term -- they would have looked at ten years of losses.
21951 The sector has long provoked consumer complaints, not least because consumers engage with the funeral sector at a time when they are grieving, vulnerable and at a disadvantage,
21952 Despite this outcome, we will continue to oppose mergers that we believe will substantially lessen competition, because it's our job to protect competition to the benefit of Australian consumers,
21953 We need to be responsible managers of money for investors.
21954 We desperately need two full service airlines when this is over... whatever the government does is fine by me,
21955 If consumers do end up on higher-priced plans, but cannot obtain the benefit of the promised speed boost, then they should be offered timely compensation in some form.
21956 The first is democracy. One of the main problems we face today is [ decline in ] democracy. People cannot be imprisoned because he has expressed his opinion. Any thought should be freely spoken at universities. The media must be independent,
21957 It is not the fault line that has broken, it is the shy bone in the government's body
21958 The sins of the ones who lost their lives in the earthquake fall upon their shoulders.
21959 The more damage of that sort is done, the more likely we are to see a U, and there are worse letters, too, like L, and I hope we don't see something like that.
21960 It really depends to my mind on how much damage is done during the time that the economy is shut down in the way it is now.
21961 Such discrimination wastes talent,
21962 places very high priority on finding ways to address the problem of minority underrepresentation.
21963 The patient who had tested positive had contacted their GP and self-isolated in line with public health guidelines,
21964 Members of the public who have visited affected regions and have symptoms are advised to self-isolate at home and contact their GP in the first instance.
21965 That tends to create new services opportunity,
21966 I think we will see cases in Northern Ireland at some stage, which is why we are preparing for a range of eventualities - and will be ready to respond to those,
21967 So these measures may have to be ramped up and they may have to be scaled back at different points as we see how this virus progresses across Northern Ireland.
21968 The problem is how to address this coal issue without hurting those developing countries.
21969 We may see it was the worst year in the history of global oil markets,
21970 Today will go down in history. The biggest-ever production cut has just been agreed upon by what can now be deemed the largest oil cartel in history,
21971 At such a time of uncertainty and potential vulnerability to the world economy... playing Russian roulette with the oil markets may well have grave consequences,
21972 ' The first immediate task for all parts of the industry is reducing the carbon footprint of their own operations,
21973 There's a big opportunity there, huge opportunity, many countries bringing new LNG to the markets -- again the US taking the lead, but also from Qatar, Australia, Canada. We see LNG is making major inroads.
21974 The impact of the coronavirus on oil markets may be temporary. But the longer-term challenges facing the world's suppliers are not going to go away, especially those heavily dependent on oil and gas revenues. As the IEA has repeatedly said, these producer countries need more dynamic and diversified economies in order to navigate the multiple uncertainties that we see today.
21975 When we look back on 2020 we may well see that it was the worst year... April may well have been the worst month-it may go down as Black April,
21976 This forum is the nation's first (and only) genuine peer driven learning with candid, informal exchanges for presidents of institutions across all categories,
21977 will not net out to meaningfully stronger growth.
21978 If the Trump administration and Congress can't get it together quickly and put together a sizable and responsible package, then a recession seems like a real possibility here,
21979 This revision is well-anticipated so likely won't impact financial markets, but it may change perceptions regarding the strength of the labor market.
21980 slowed to an annual gain of 1.8%,
21981 The U.S. economy is more insulated from the impact of the virus, but it is not immune, and it too would likely suffer a downturn in this scenario,
21982 With weaker health systems to begin with, many face the dreadful challenge of fighting the virus in densely populated cities and poverty-stricken slums -- where social distancing is hardly an option. With fewer resources to begin with, they are dangerously exposed to the ongoing demand and supply shocks, drastic tightening in financial conditions, and some may face an unsustainable debt burden,
21983 recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse
21984 right to benefit from the fund of $50 billion Rapid Financing Instrument (RFI).
21985 For this reason, we are turning to your honourable organization to request its evaluation about the possibility of authorizing Venezuela a financing line of $5 billion from the emergency fund of the Rapid Financing Instrument.
21986 Otherwise it will take years to overcome the effects of widespread bankruptcies and layoffs,
21987 Everybody hurts. Given the necessary containment measures to slow the spread of the virus, the world economy is taking a substantial hit.
21988 We are faced with a generalized weakening in demand, and that goes through spillover channels, including trade and tourism, commodity prices and tightened financial conditions.
21989 weak health system countries, for example in Africa.
21990 We `re now in recession, it is way worse than the global financial crisis,
21991 As a first line of defense, the Fund can deploy its flexible and rapid-disbursing emergency response toolkit to help countries with urgent balance-of-payment needs,
21992 the main focus of our attention.
21993 We have full support of the membership to go on the offensive to raise more capacity for concessional funding from the IMF. Our target is to triple what we do for those countries,
21994 We support China's efforts to respond, including recent fiscal, monetary, and financial actions,
21995 as a global liquidity crunch takes hold,
21996 Additional fiscal stimulus will be necessary to prevent long-lasting economic damage.
21997 Investors have already removed $83 billion from emerging markets since the beginning of the crisis, the largest capital outflow ever recorded,
21998 The negative impact is especially visible where financial sectors are already very deep. Here, complicated financial instruments, influential lobbyists, and excessive compensation in the banking industry can lead to a system that serves itself as much as it serves others.
21999 In most countries, the majority of workers are either self-employed or employed by the Small and Medium Enterprises. These businesses and workers are especially exposed.
22000 We have to pray for the best and prepare for the worst.
22001 is appropriately implementing a temporary loosening of macroeconomic and financial policies.
22002 Some estimates suggest the potential costs of devaluing these assets range from $US4 trillion to $US20 trillion.
22003 And how can anyone expect, when the borders are open, that tourism is going to go back to where it was?
22004 few countries are as exposed
22005 And my board said to me at the time, `Fine, rabbi, but you'll be lucky if 50 people show up.' And 175 people showed up.
22006 My wife and I will actually be doing some harmonies together. My brothers don't know about that yet, but we know,
22007 behavioral care requires changes,
22008 I'm not in favour of always immediately calling on the state
22009 An interest-rate cut certainly wouldn't be the right answer then,
22010 we should counteract any impressions and claims that we can fine-tune inflation to the decimal place -- we can't do that!
22011 This is a very complex monetary policy issue which, in my view, does not require acute monetary policy action,
22012 To spell it out plainly: a child who hardly speaks or understands German has no place [ initially ] in a primary school,
22013 We are ready to work with others. It is premature to say more at the moment. But we are all one people, we can accommodate each other and forge a common front,
22014 We are waiting for judgement [ in the Constitutional Court ]. The EU should respect the courts and wait for the judgement. We have informed the EU in writing that we will not be attending the meeting.
22015 We believe that there is no reason for any delay beyond this date,
22016 disappointed at the increasingly adversarial tone
22017 But Govt also needs a proper plan to invest in our northern railways, trains and stations so we get a fair deal.
22018 At a time like this, we therefore expect to see the Home Secretary and senior officials demonstrate public leadership and transparency and to be ready to answer public questions without delay.
22019 expressing regrets and apologies for what he describes as the grave and unacceptable actions of the member who has since been expelled, and I welcome that letter and that support
22020 We don't want to get people back to work right now. You're making sure people are OK while you're on lockdown.
22021 The share of workers covered by a union contract is well less than half of what it was 40 years ago -- caused in large part by fierce corporate opposition spending millions of dollars on anti-union campaigns and lobbying the government to weaken labor laws,
22022 We're a team that's building,
22023 It's a very powerful thing. You don't think a simple name, etched into glass can have an impact on you and I've known this was going to be here for a while, but, definitely brings tears to your eyes and makes you proud of your son.
22024 Insurers that will cover them do so as second-or third-line treatments, which means people will need to have tried at least two or three traditional treatment first,
22025 people are writing about it. People need something to write about.
22026 When there seems to be a big mistake in the Constitution or human rights, there will surely be reasons to protest,
22027 I am very worried and disturbed that the violence took place in the capital of the country. If minorities are tortured and police failed or could not discharge their duties, then it is a matter of serious concern,
22028 My reading of the (amended) law is that it violates the provision of the Constitution,
22029 We can give to the world much more than what we get from it. For example, the mathematical revolution in India from the fifth century onwards, led particularly by Aryabhata, was influenced by intellectual developments in Greece, Babylon and Rome, but Aryabhatian mathematics, in turn, took gigantic leaps in India, and then spread abroad, with transformational impact on China, on the Arab world, and eventually on Europe,
22030 India is a centrally-ruled territory. We can't divide Hindus and Muslims. As an Indian citizen, I can't help but worry,
22031 I am very much worried that where it happened is the capital of the country and is centrally governed. If minorities are tortured there and police failed or can't discharge their duties, it is a matter of serious concern,
22032 While deeply original, Aryabhata's mathematics was substantially influenced by the mathematical revolution that had already taken place in Greece, Babylon and Rome,
22033 While our CEO structure is unique, so is Jack and so is this company,
22034 build on our regular evaluation of Twitter's leadership structure,
22035 Before [ outgoing chair Charlie Mayfield ] left, he integrated the two businesses [ John Lewis & Partners and Waitrose & Partners ] as part of a cost-saving programme, but the company has realised it needs to find more ways of cutting costs. Perhaps it has been waiting for her to come on board to announce it.
22036 Sadly, given recent announcements designed to help smaller retailers, no one in power seems to appreciate that it is the bigger retailers, the chains that are the big employers in the sector,
22037 As part of this we will also look at `right-sizing' our store estate across both brands, through a combination of new formats and new locations; repurposing and space reductions of existing stores; and closures, where necessary.
22038 can only tear each other apart
22039 I didn't want to go because I felt like I was going to throw up-I was distressed,
22040 People are dying and many more are going to die.
22041 As many of you will know, there is certain evidence I would have liked to have seen led in this trial but for a variety of reasons we were not able to do so. At some point, that information, that facts and that evidence will see the light of day.
22042 help smooth the ride for investors.
22043 I don't need the Sahm Rule to tell me that we're in recession.
22044 Now, they are real. People are scared. They need a financial cushion right now, and many do not have one. They need some extra money.
22045 It amazes me because what they're saying is they don't have a testimony of the living apostles.
22046 Me n Rkid have been self isolating for 10 years c'm on a couple of months ain't fucking hurt LG x,
22047 It is gon na happen, believe you me-it's gon na happen very f *** ing soon because he's greedy and he loves money and he knows that it's got to happen soon or it won't happen.
22048 With mash makes mash,
22049 What we saying, we having it or what.
22050 It's a shame and really sad that the group split up but while we are still alive there's hope. Even if one of us is making stupid disco, at least one of us has stayed the same.
22051 have been self isolating for 10 years.
22052 They're talking about real issues
22053 An Oasis reunion's gon na happen very fucking soon
22054 We've been offered 100 million pounds for a tour still not enough for the greedy soul oh well.
22055 retire as a solo artist after album no3.
22056 Once the infection rate stabilises, the number of cases is not rising, I think we'll see Chinese (economic) stimulus,
22057 Lower interest rates have assisted with the process of household balance sheet adjustment. They have also boosted asset prices, which in time should lead to increased spending, including on residential construction,
22058 One thing you left out of that list is that a higher share of Australians has jobs than ever before in our history... ultimately what matters is that people have jobs and employment and security.
22059 In fact, if December quarter growth turns out to be negative a recession may have already begun,
22060 if the unemployment rate were to be moving materially in the wrong direction and there was no further progress being made towards the inflation target, the balance of arguments would tilt towards a further easing of monetary policy.
22061 Wages growth has been low and steady for some time, in line with the spare capacity still in the labour market, as well as the constraints implied by the wages policies of various governments,
22062 A very large economic contraction is, however, expected to be recorded in the June quarter and the Australian unemployment rate is expected to increase to its highest level for many years,
22063 This speaks to the underlying transmission of monetary policy and suggests that the effectiveness of monetary policy through the housing market is dependent on the state of the economy,
22064 There is the possibility to go further negative but we also know that is decreasing return to scale,
22065 We also know that there are important side effects that we need to take into account.
22066 It's not a good time for anyone in the credit world,
22067 We have to stop this extradition in the interests of 300 years of modernity, 300 years of trying to establish human rights and civil liberties in the west and around the world,
22068 What we have is an assault on journalism,
22069 We have to understand that when you speak about the migrant and refugee crisis we speak about a common challenge, which we have to address together,
22070 We have seen examples of disinformation and propaganda, trying to use, utilize this health crisis for propaganda purposes,
22071 suspended our training on the ground
22072 The best way is to enable local forces to fight terrorism themselves, and that is exactly what we do in Afghanistan, what we do in Iraq, and of course we can look into if we can do more of that kind of activity.
22073 I have spoken with the Prime Minister several times and we have staff-to-staff talks. And based on the decision today, we will then develop those options further.
22074 One of the best weapons we have in the fight against international terrorism is to train local forces, build local capacity, and that's exactly what the coalition is doing and what NATO is doing through our training mission in Iraq,
22075 We all agreed -- and that's for the first time in NATO's history -- that we had to address the consequences for our security of the rise of China
22076 NATO is very worried about their training mission there, which was temporarily suspending within 24 hours of the killing.
22077 We have stood united on Russia's breach of the treaty,
22078 The important thing now is to de-escalate and avoid further increases in tensions on the region.
22079 could pave the way for a sustainable peace
22080 We are united in condemning Iran's support of a variety of different terrorist groups,
22081 mirror what Russia does by deploying land-based missiles in Europe because a new arms race would be dangerous and expensive.
22082 It was an unpredictable occurrence,
22083 It's always great to see the team marks start to be painted onto the field which is coming very soon. The fact that we have the Super Bowl logos out there already -- our hundredth season logo on the 50-yard line, and all the decor around the building and throughout the town -- we're very excited for Super Bowl 54 to get here.
22084 We'll have a ton of different elements happening throughout the venue, including free autograph signings and so many other things that you're just gon na have to come and check out,
22085 What we had to coordinate in Minnesota is going to be obviously a lot different than what you are going to be coordinating in Miami,
22086 I've been overweight U.S. Treasuries. That's based on my view that developed economies are facing a combination of aging demographics and falling birth rates, slow growth and low inflation.
22087 Some of that pain can be avoided if the government pumps cash into the economy,
22088 There are a million policies that would be better than this one,
22089 garden hose fighting a bushfire
22090 That stuff is far more important to our economy,
22091 in the spirit of the original vision of Obamacare,
22092 to cover one month's wages for our part-time staff for games, concerts and events that they would have otherwise worked.
22093 Casualties will not reduce until better enforcement is in place, combined with stricter limits and drink driving awareness campaigns.
22094 It's been really interesting to sit in on these meetings and hear all of the different sides of it. The pros and cons and really try to understand where the league is at and what direction we're headed. Whether if that is with a yes vote or a no vote.
22095 This has been a whirlwind couple of hours for myself. I know how much a whirlwind it's been for everybody here. I never thought I'd become a general manager like this.
22096 In this time of need, we need to band together and take care of people,
22097 We are not against capitalism. But we are against exploitative capitalism where there is no scope for small and medium businesses to thrive.
22098 We can use that to complement the household savings that we have. Our household savings and the global capital could give the spur to investment that is required.
22099 We don't know exactly where and when it is going to peak but I think it is already starting to disrupt economic activities.
22100 a massive diversion (tweets, border walls, tariffs) as a smokescreen
22101 a monetary policy thing.
22102 there is more that the central bank should consider doing as it helps Congress reduce the long-run effects of the downturn.
22103 One way to increase the scope for monetary policy is to retain the Fed's current focus on hitting a targeted value of inflation, but to raise the target to, say, 3 or 4 percent.
22104 acknowledge... the urgent need for transformative change
22105 We didn't see it coming and now it's a tsunami. We're addicted to plastics,
22106 You're talking about thousands and thousands of kilos a day. You cut that out and it becomes an issue.
22107 As the disease spreads and people become concerned about the potentiality of being sick, they will probably stock up.
22108 Full time working from home is very isolating, so we could potentially see a rise of mental health issues around depression if large number of employees are forced to work from home for extended periods, particularly single and younger employees,
22109 It's just political opportunism at its worst,
22110 somebody in the government has got to stand up and lead
22111 I've seen plenty of research that shows we become much happier in our 50s and 60s,
22112 The country's health system -- with dated and limited public health facilities, and costly private hospitals inaccessible to all but the rich -- is woefully unprepared to deal with COVID-19 and its influx of critically ill patients. Doctors lack personal protective equipment; at least one of the nine victims so far is a doctor,
22113 The impugned Act creates two classifications, viz, classification on basis of religion and the classification on the basis of geography and both the classifications are completely unreasonable and share no rational nexus to the object of the impugned Act i.e., to provide shelter, safety and citizenship to communities who in their native country are facing persecution on ground of religion.
22114 It is important to stop such guided tours.
22115 before it gets to see light at the end of the tunnel
22116 The message (in our model) is that we don't want people dying, we don't want our siblings dying, our friends dying.
22117 Why did I feel this scene was important to script and place in [ the ] series?
22118 This has made it very clear for why it's essential,
22119 I said, `I just think we see the show differently... and the world differently.
22120 That was not a real form of the sadism of the Nazis, however, it's very much in the spirit of the kinds of games and sadistic exploits that they would exact and perpetrate against their victims,
22121 bridge a potentially challenging period
22122 But we're the ones who take the decision and the judgement is laid out and we'll see how the economy evolves,
22123 This rebound is not, of course, assured. The economy has been sluggish, slack has been growing, and inflation is below target. Much hinges on the speed with which domestic confidence returns. As is entirely appropriate, there is a debate at the MPC over the relative merits of near-term stimulus to reinforce the expected recovery in UK growth and inflation,
22124 To be clear, these are still early days. It is less of a case of `so far, so good' , than `so far, good enough' .
22125 The economy has been sluggish, slack has been growing, and inflation is below target. Much hinges on the speed with which domestic confidence returns. As is entirely appropriate, there is a debate at the [ monetary policy committee ] over the relative merits of near term stimulus to reinforce the expected recovery in U.K. growth and inflation,
22126 in contrast to the financial crisis of 2008 the prospect with this situation is that we will have disruption not destruction
22127 that could prove large but will ultimately be temporary.
22128 We would expect that interest rates are going to remain low for the foreseeable future and the adjustments will be relatively modest.
22129 We don't know what the economy is going to look like over the next year -- there is a lot of uncertainty with the virus,
22130 Home prices consistently rising at a faster pace than people's income growth has hurt, but because of the historically low rates, it's providing marginal opportunities for first-time buyers.
22131 More supply needs to be built to change the price growth or at least stabilize it,
22132 Unlike the stock market, home prices are not expected to drop because of the on-going housing shortage and due to homes getting delisted during this time of crisis,
22133 We are still lacking in inventory.
22134 If you look at December and January together, the housing market is doing quite well in terms of sales, but still being constrained by an inventory shortage pushing up prices too fast,
22135 Home prices and even rents are increasing too rapidly, and more inventory would help correct the problem and slow price gains.
22136 We saw the year come to a close with the economy churning out 2.3 million jobs, mortgage rates below 4% and housing starts ramp up to 1.6 million on an annual basis,
22137 Rising home values typically create wealth gains for existing homeowners as shown in NAR's latest study,
22138 Lego reached out to its customers and asked them to build designs with old Lego sets and put them online. If the design won more than 10,000 votes, it would be mass-produced by Lego.
22139 Thanks to (the new facility), we will be able to implement much larger and more demanding projects, responding to the needs of our clients for specialized materials,
22140 The University strongly discourages all travel to mainland China and Hong Kong during this period,
22141 But there are downside risks. It's very difficult to predict how long it will take before [ the virus ] is contained... there are so many moving parts, but we do acknowledge it will impact us in the first quarter.
22142 Had we not suffered a supply disruption, our fourth-quarter numbers could be as strong as 4.3 per cent. And for the whole of the year, instead of the 4.3 per cent... it could be as high as 4.7 per cent.
22143 Circumstances have forced us to make decisions that are emotionally painful for our patients, their loved ones, and all of us who are caring for them,
22144 Nurses are special people who are passionate about the work they do,
22145 Governments need to act immediately to contain the epidemic, support the healthcare system, protect people, shore up demand and provide a financial lifeline to households and businesses that are most affected,
22146 I want to assure you that all members of the government will bear personal responsibility for achieving our national development goals,
22147 A regime of isolation is introduced for all age groups, with the exception of cases when emergency care is needed, or where you need to go to the store for food, or to travel to work [... ] and other really good reasons,
22148 increase citizens' real incomes
22149 Now it's been added to the list of, especially dangerous illnesses. That will allow us to deport foreign citizens if they are diagnosed with such an illness,
22150 Mutualisation would make it possible to finance persistently large fiscal deficits without any risk of a debt crisis, and would send a positive political signal.
22151 national economic humiliation day.
22152 A lot of government spending will certainly be necessary, but the contours of that spending should be very different, because the circumstances are entirely different.
22153 That unfortunately has consequences too, on the fuel economy of these vehicles, because moving more weight means using more fuel.
22154 There is an element and a strong element of fans who have just gone right, if it's not Bury it's not nothing,
22155 We're assuming much greater fiscal action will ameliorate the hit to earnings in due course, but we don't know yet whether Congress will spend, say, 2% of GDP or 10%,
22156 The falling cost of distribution in the goods sector will push down prices for a wide range of items over the next few months. Hand sanitizer excepted,
22157 imports from abroad more expensive,
22158 We have whole industries like the restaurant industry that have been obliterated already. Jobless claims next week could be two or three million.
22159 The trend in manufacturing output probably is about flat, with no real prospect of any serious improvement in the near term,
22160 But context matters. The U.S. now faces a massive deflationary shock, and the scale of the money-printing we think is likely to be necessary is no more than 10% of GDP,
22161 The value of it is that this report gives us kind of a bench mark of where we were before things began to go wrong.
22162 We're calling for those who can resolve their needs online to use those channels.
22163 What we're trying to do is limit the transmission of the disease,
22164 mandate to deliver on reforms and growth.
22165 I appreciated Penny's passion for building the institution's connection to state-of-the-art academic research and her commitment to drawing young talented economists to the bank, an effort that will continue beyond her departure,
22166 We will also continue to share IMF and World Bank analyses. With this adapted format, we are confident that our member countries will be able to effectively engage on pressing global economic issues at these Spring Meetings.
22167 By doing so, we can reduce the import (bill) and start exporting (our products). This will create employment and increase the people's income.
22168 Equinor is doing some great stuff, particularly on (Scope 1 and 2 emissions), but I'm not sure a pledge to halve carbon intensity by 2050 does it any more,
22169 I assume that this coming Sunday we will begin to open shops that face out onto the street,
22170 If anyone thinks that Momentum is going to go away -- dream on,
22171 it would be don't stop at the first question. Ask many questions because there are about 13,000 people in the city, and seven get to ask difficult and insightful questions of the administration. Take advantage of that opportunity.
22172 We are on, effectively, a form of a war-footing here, not just in Canada, but around the world,
22173 It's likely investment was slowing in Australia and it was hard to meet the surplus in the budget,
22174 the Americans were a lot more loyal than the British players, so they brought a different sensibility.
22175 It is probably an approach where Australia has dropped its ideology and sought to do whatever it takes to get Australia through the pandemic,
22176 Medicaid is a fundamentally different kind of patient. Medicare pays for short-term rehabilitation care. Once they have exhausted Medicare, some need more long-term care and that is very intensive,
22177 The 2019 growth projection has been revised up from 7.8 to 8.5 per cent, with strong upside risk -- especially given the recently released GDP figures suggesting that the economy grew in double digits in Q3 2019,
22178 [ T ] heir ire is often directed inward, and some expect -- and increasingly demand -- that our institutions act in ways that I fear may ultimately put us in tension with the essential values we represent to the world.
22179 intend for this ceremony to have all of the pomp, circumstance, and tradition that is typical of a Harvard commencement -- with as many of the traditional campus festivities that typically precede commencement as possible.
22180 Our Future Actually Depends upon Decency
22181 Following the devastating fires that have affected East Gippsland and north-east Victoria, the message is clear - the most practical thing that ordinary Victorians can do right now to help these regions is to travel there and spend money there,
22182 Just like markets overshot on the upside... now maybe the market has gotten cheap.
22183 The lack of U.S. leadership, both domestically and internationally, is not boosting investor confidence,
22184 Normal employment patterns won't suddenly reappear, even once the health emergency has passed and people are able to go back to their workplaces.
22185 the nation is ready for it
22186 If India successfully achieves 10% GDP for one decade at least, it will overtake China and challenge the US in the next 20 years,
22187 Our constitution is of Hindu Rashtra. There are sections for cow slaughter, giving encouragement to Sanskrit, Uniform Civil Code etc.. Only BJP can protect the integrity of this country,
22188 We must all work together to make sure that every Marylander is able to access resources to protect themselves from the coronavirus,
22189 Over the next 90 days we will continue that tradition. We will solve our state's biggest problems. And we will work together to prove that in this place, in this state, government works for the people.
22190 corrupt [ ed ] the political dialogue,
22191 Every town and village is practically closed down in our county and I believe up the west as well,
22192 Honestly, I've no idea how I ever got elected in the first place
22193 When I was speaking with both the local motorbike store and the mechanics, both said they knew someone who wanted to get their licence but was putting it off because they go to Toowoomba, or Ipswich or Brisbane,
22194 There's no doubt when the competitions resume it will be in a much weaker economy, where people's spending power has been greatly reduced,
22195 We have made progress in mobilisation of additional funds,
22196 We would like to secure funds for us before those losses are evaluated,
22197 a good indication they've chosen to prioritise the correct things
22198 Moreover, the cash flow of the company should also be strong after paying interest. Companies having high debt-equity ratios may go bust in a single slowdown.
22199 The Democrats did something no one else could have done -- they turned Donald Trump into a victim. He may still be angry with her, but [ Pelosi ] made his current popularity possible.
22200 It's just not top of mind, and it doesn't rank in the 10 priorities that an undecided voter cares about.
22201 You say it again, and you say it again, and you say it again, and you say it again, and you say it again, and then again and again and again and again, and about the time that you're absolutely sick of saying it is about the time that your target audience has heard it for the first time,
22202 going from Pittsburgh to Fort Lauderdale
22203 The slowdown in India is related to a credit squeeze, which is a cyclical problem -- not a structural problem... As a result, India will struggle to make a GDP growth rate of 5 per cent in 2020,
22204 undermine support for the program,
22205 as the coronavirus keeps moving west, so will the export curbs,
22206 In wartime, all sorts of distinctions break down.
22207 Indian cities have so far embraced the worst aspects of English land-use planning, leading to short buildings and dispersed populations.
22208 America basically had a property-rights regime that meant that anyone who had a plot of land could pretty much put up anything reasonable on that plot of land.
22209 It is a privilege to be involved in judging these prestigious awards, meeting ambitious enterprises led by talented people who are influencing the capital's economic prosperity whilst also playing a vital role in promoting Cardiff as a great place to live and work
22210 The fund returned 51.3 percent in performance for the 12-month period through December 31, 2019, beating its benchmark, the FTSE Gold Mines Index, by 866 basis points. USERX received an incredible five stars overall from Morningstar, based on risk-adjusted returns, as of December 31. It also received five stars for the five - and 10-year periods.
22211 pulling together the go-to-market effort and meaningfully increasing investment and support for our enterprise customers.
22212 T he whole world depends on the United States for the innovation in drugs and health care, and there's a very good chance that the vaccine's going to come from here because we have this very developed private sector, and the question is how to have a system that has both.
22213 the flattest Davos I can remember
22214 There is nothing else left to do on the monetary side (his emphasis). No one should expect that the monetary stimulus will fix things. It will help some, and may put a floor under inflation and interest rates. But fiscal stimulus and direct help for affected sectors is necessary to get recovery.
22215 We have a programme with the central bank to surrender coins in exchange for notes, and I must say that premiums on EcoCash are unacceptable, but the issue is because there is not enough domestic cash yet,
22216 Dry mortars, which will be manufactured on this site, are primarily being imported today. The coming online of the dry mortar plant, will ensure import substitution and spur exports by Lafarge Cement Zimbabwe,
22217 But what actually happened was someone -- I will not accuse anyone -- decided to spin it and then focus on the $50. What happened to the $10 and $20, I do not know. I have never announced any policy around that issue.
22218 A growth slowdown in China could have sizable ripple effects across Asia and the rest of the world, given the size of China's economy and its role as the key driver of global growth in recent years,
22219 ever since Barack Obama had become president in 2009, the main policy of the US government toward Russia had been one of appeasement. The administration had even created a new word for it: reset.
22220 Every state is going through the same thing,
22221 the advance of women's rights and economic success.
22222 In fact, for blacks, they're now a smaller percentage of economics PhDs than there was in 2000.
22223 Obviously there are many challenges in the area of food safety, but with good practices, effective regulation and good inspection schemes, modernization is possible,
22224 The CD&RR continues to transition technologies from the JMR-TD effort to the FLRAA weapons system design. We will be conducting analysis to refine the requirements, conceptual designs, and acquisition approach.
22225 will undoubtedly trouble many church members and lead them to wonder whether their charitable giving is best directed toward an institution that reportedly has a stockpile twice as large as Harvard's endowment.
22226 There is a big struggle between the forces of democracy and fascism, where the situation in the country is that of civil war where only one side is armed,
22227 do everything in its power to bring justice to Teacher Andrew and his family.
22228 Most likely, because they (students) were on forced vacation due to tragedies like (the eruption of) Taal (volcano).
22229 We have a post modified school calendar which will enable the affected schools to catch up,
22230 We have a requirement of more than 200 days,
22231 Europe's profit weakness partly reflects its value-dominated sector composition.
22232 We do believe we will see a strong sequential recovery in the economy and in profits from a very low base, starting in the second half of this through to next year,
22233 Equity markets are looking increasingly exposed to near-term downward surprises to earnings growth,
22234 I think better surveillance systems are one of the keys in future pandemics and outbreaks,
22235 It's extraordinarily hard to actually work out what's going to go on after Covid-19... Economically? Who knows. Literally. Who knows.
22236 partial recovery is projected for 2021
22237 if the pandemic and containment measures last longer, emerging and developing economies are even more severely hit, tight financial conditions persist, or if widespread scarring effects emerge due to firm closures and extended unemployment,
22238 and maybe even likely.
22239 Much worse growth outcomes are possible and maybe even likely,
22240 There are preliminary signs that the decline in manufacturing and trade may be bottoming out. This is partly from an improvement in the auto sector as disruptions from new emission standards start to fade. A US-China Phase I deal, if durable, is expected to reduce the cumulative negative impact of trade tensions on global GDP by end 2020-from 0.8 percent to 0.5 percent,
22241 The first priority is to deal with the health crisis of the pandemic... countries will have to continue spending on health care infrastructure to ensure even if there is a second wave you have the health system to take care of it,
22242 The most major issue to address is the weakness in credit growth. There need to be policies that can resuscitate credit growth but at the same time don't create further NPA problems - that is the first step. There needs to be a quicker recapitalisation of banks,
22243 The rooting average of the saplings planted on Nov. 11, 2019 is 95 percent,
22244 to indulge in a kind of cheerleading frenzy to pile on to a narrative that is evidence of either virtue signaling... or just a kind of crass partisan our side versus their side and we're gon na win.
22245 What we're really pushing governments for is to make sure that those businesses get the help they need,
22246 As far as a formal process, we do that with all of our employees here at the city and the city manager should be no different.
22247 Even in the best-case scenario of a low-severity impact, the economic fallout is going to be enormous and countries need to work together to limit the potential damage as much as possible. This is particularly the case when it comes to the potential loss of life.
22248 I don't know. I've done this for 38 years. Most of the people here have been around for 10, 15 years. It's just something we do every winter to break it up -- and it's a lot of fun,
22249 Drugs are almost invariably cheap to manufacture. They end up being expensive because of patents and related monopolies,
22250 It will be a very efficient hub in a very stable country in the heart of Africa,
22251 Maybe in broken Washington... the Fed decided to move.
22252 These numbers are very uncertain and move around a lot... The outcome also depends on how long the shutdown lasts and then on the rate of pick up [ by the various sectors ] after the shutdown,
22253 Despite the damage to tourism and the drought, among other problems that slowed investment and created uncertainty, the economy grew 5.1% and that, we Dominicans must display it with pride in international markets,
22254 His (President Moi) convoy left immediately after the final whistle. We were later told he was very disappointed with the result. He was a very passionate football fan and everyone in the team felt we had let him down,
22255 Why are you colonised,
22256 It took two and a half years for airline passenger traffic to go back to previous levels,
22257 People are not going out to restaurants and bars.
22258 The European Central Bank also will need to lower its sights,
22259 The upcoming elections will limit Trump's risk appetite,
22260 This all needs to be dealt with before [ ECOWAS ] can move forward,
22261 Top 100 Most Influential List
22262 Well, now in mutual funds the index share is now more than 50% and the active share is less.
22263 what sadly links the laid-off white Rust Belt worker in his 50s to the low-income minority youth from a dysfunctional school and economically disadvantaged community is the dignity hit of feeling denied a real chance to pursue his or her full potential and purpose.
22264 Both Shaun Pollock (South Africa captain) and Sanath Jayasuriya (Sri Lankan captain) had the same papers (with the run-rates),
22265 From a delivery standpoint, we had made some changes. Normally we would hand a table to our customers to sign their name. Now with the customer present, the carrier will sign their name in front of them. Once that's completed they will safely put the package down and step away, so the customer can retrieve the package,
22266 Good time to begin accumulating stocks. Valuations are attractive now. In situations like this, recovery is usually very fast. People are selling emotionally, situation is that of panic.
22267 The decline of African-American and Hispanic wealth since the Great Recession,
22268 These (we believe) better versions of value have helped long-term and during most of the value drawdown,
22269 Of course, that includes such famous events as the technology bubble of 1998-2000 and the GFC of 2008-2009,
22270 getting very bubbly out there.
22271 We understood globalization, deregulation, and labor markets, but we didn't understand capital markets. There was this big hole in the academic research.
22272 The big private equity firms have gotten very active in the medical field, which is a little bit concerning,
22273 paints a picture that there are clearly winners and losers.
22274 support the government and the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) by providing facilities that can serve as both testing and isolation centres.
22275 Since the marathon's inception in 2015, we have ensured that every year, the marathon gets bigger and better. A testament to our effort is the confirmation of our recently-attained Silver Label by the International Association of Athletics Federation.
22276 But more importantly, we can have a communion where family members both young and old can come together, have fun, do great exercise and enjoy themselves and also make money out of it.
22277 That's just not likely to happen in the future.
22278 There have been times on Vikings or something where I would really want to do a stunt, but a stunty would say, `Yeah, dude, I really want this adjustment.' And I'd be like, `No problem, you take it.
22279 We will burn Hvitserk tomorrow.
22280 it all went out the window now
22281 To respond in solidarity with its shareholders, countries of operations, partners and clients, the Bank has today established a resilience framework comprising  1 billion of new and additional funding for existing clients, comprising emergency liquidity, working capital and trade finance. This is a first step. The Bank stands ready to further scale up its response, and is taking active and urgent steps to review, adjust and expand its financing instruments, in partnership with its countries of operations, partner IFIs and the international community.
22282 We need Elon Musk creating a better ventilator, fast,
22283 I think I can do some good with that, and it's also very profitable. So I like my day job.
22284 I also wanted to shout from the rooftops about the importance of taking the virus seriously so that we would build a consensus to lockdown the country as soon as possible,
22285 Political leaders have weakened the military part of the alliance
22286 Rural communities in the U.S. are changing and their economies transitioning away from a reliance on resource-dependent industries,
22287 the height of irresponsibility for this administration to finalize a rollback that will lead to dirtier air while our country is working around the clock to respond to a respiratory pandemic whose effects may be exacerbated by air pollution.
22288 Having seen the perils of communism firsthand, I hope we can find common ground in working against the socialist-aligned policies that some of his Democrat colleagues are unfortunately embracing.
22289 the greatest source of carbon emission on our planet is our cars, trucks and vans.
22290 I urge you to require EPA and DOT to abandon these efforts entirely,
22291 We see several reasons why standard models -- and thus forecasters -- may be overestimating recession risk at present. The 24% chance for a recession within 12 months remains below the probability estimates of the median forecaster and reinforces our view that the risk of recession remains moderate.
22292 Both the prediction markets and the head-to-head matchups -- even those involving candidates other than [ former Vice President Joe ] Biden -- indicate a considerably closer runoff in November than suggested by the widespread view among investors that President Trump is a shoo-in for re-election,
22293 As far as Aeroflot and a ban on flights are concerned, we see no reasons for suspending all air links with China for the time being,
22294 As of 00:00 March 1, we will suspend all air service except flights operated by Aeroflot and its subsidiary Aurora. Aurora will continue to operate charter flights until all our citizens leave the territory of South Korea. Aeroflot will continue to operate flights to Moscow, and all citizens arriving from South Korea will go through Sheremetyevo Terminal F,
22295 During this unprecedented time of state emergency, we need to ensure that critical supply lines for fuels and other basic services remain uninterrupted,
22296 hopeful that this suggests that the publisher is ready to discuss deals that align with UC's goals.
22297 People are revolting against the economic `elites' they believe have betrayed them, and our efforts to keep global warming limited to 1.5  C are falling dangerously short. With the world at such critical crossroads, this year we must develop a `Davos Manifesto 2020' to reimagine the purpose and scorecards for companies and governments. It is what the World Economic Forum was founded for 50 years ago, and it is what we want to contribute to for the next 50 years.
22298 `Profitable' is the key word, but `problems' is the other key word for people and planet.
22299 Should we ignore the data on the relationship between subway ridership and the spread of coronavirus because definitive proof has not been established? And then run the risk that the `renormalization' will end up with a second wave? I did not think so at the time I posted this article at midnight on Monday morning, and I don't think so now. And that goes double.
22300 The fans are the real strength of Peshawar Zalmi and we want to make sure that maximum of the fans from our base in Peshawar reach Rawalpindi comfortably to cheer for the team,
22301 This year we have extended our existing IT apprenticeship scheme (level 3) to encompass an element of AV for the first time to explore what an AV apprenticeship should look like in future. While we're looking to give all the IT apprentices an introduction to AV, two members of the current cohort have a more extensive AV element, reporting to me.
22302 He was a ripper bloke who loved his wife and kids,
22303 low volume and less profitable
22304 Showroom traffic dropped 25-50%
22305 This is partly by design: to safeguard public health and long-run prosperity, governments around the world have temporarily closed some sectors of the economy and limited consumption and production,
22306 We are committed to remaining in the market to stabilize the rupiah by selling dollars as cash or domestic non-deliverable forwards,
22307 This shows a vote of confidence in Indonesia's economic prospects.
22308 We would like to ensure that no African is left behind and develop to ensure that there is prosperity for all, that we create jobs for both the youth and the women,
22309 We also need to engage the private sector in this campaign. Private sector makes and sells the guns, so we need to make sure that we bring them into this conversation,
22310 we are ready to support more ECCAS countries to develop their national AfCFTA strategies with the view to making the continental common market profitable for their economies.
22311 Yes, it means higher deficit and higher debt, and yes it means we will have to finance it over time, over the years. But if we don't take this measure, the effect on the economy will be even more devastating. And I think the cost of that will be huge.
22312 After speaking with an Amazon representative earlier today, we have confirmed that we are moving forward as planned with Amazon's upcoming headquarters in Arlington,
22313 So far (this financial year) we are up to 20 tonne and we won't go much more,
22314 the nation state has fundamentally lost control of its destiny, surrendering to anonymous global forces.
22315 The problem with finance research is it looks for an effect or factor that is significant statistically. The usual rule is 95 per cent confidence which is two standard deviations. However that only applies to a single test,
22316 They sent me to therapy right away,
22317 a single 10% rate applied on 70% of the economy yields 7% of GDP as tax revenues and even if we actually obtain a part of this, we are broadly okay.
22318 Four weeks from now, when we put someone out in the wild, they will get infected, and we go back to January 20.
22319 I thank the prime minister and the ministers for accepting my recommendation to appoint Andrew Abir as deputy governor, and the members of the Advisory Committee for the Appointment of Senior Officials who examined the validity of the appointment and authorized it,
22320 A nurse at the hospital told me about the group. There is a real sense of community at Hearts and Minds, you are treated as a human and a friend and not a patient here.
22321 But the tenants whose lives are being destroyed and whom this amendment would not help -- that's very real,
22322 For the past seven years, we have been fighting a pipeline -- 760,000 barrels a day of tar sands oil that no one needs,
22323 I still find it shocking that India, one of the world's largest, most densely packed populations, has been practically untouched by this outbreak. Explanations?
22324 fighting against the lies and hype
22325 Once this thing all wraps up around July,... Trump will be credited with taking the bold moves required.
22326 The key thing for us is to rack up mileage, because we're testing the endurance waters with Ducati and vice versa. This Panigale has tons of potential in terms of the engine, electronics and chassis. We're starting to get a better feel for the machine. In Malaysia, we had everything to learn. At Portimo, we did more laps and there was less pressure on us.
22327 The traditional view of where employers can find workers, however, leaves out some important things,
22328 There is a supply and demand imbalance in local multifamily which bodes well for existing product in the neighborhood such as Alley24.
22329 Trump's decisions about what to do about Venezuela, will be the crucial element in 2020,
22330 We must not let this debate devolve into one about the character of Julian Assange -- he is an Australian citizen, a journalist, and urgently requires Government intervention.
22331 We're now following the same model as Italy,
22332 We've listened to small businesses to understand how we can best help them,
22333 It seems to me that many women take charge of their lives in every way except dating and marriage. I mean dating between men and women. Same-sex couples aren't bound by the idea that one gender should propose.
22334 Whatever happens next, we will be working to help businesses weather this storm.
22335 It's like we want Prince Charming on a white horse. We're taught gender stereotypes: men are supposed to sweep us off our feet.
22336 We are taking down any harmful misinformation about the coronavirus,
22337 I wish I had this book when I was a girl -- and I'm really glad today's girls have it now.
22338 I applaud the Fed's decision,
22339 It has to be $5,000 to get the matching fund. The goal is to help as many people as possible.
22340 It's an eight-minute stroll to Lawrence subway and it's in a tremendous school district, so it's a convenient spot on a quiet street,
22341 really raising uncertainty to a large degree.
22342 We seem to be having a bit of an issue in getting the stock up to the $70 range,
22343 What made his strategy possible, and fully shape it -- was the rising stock market -- and the new ideology that praised free markets even as they failed,
22344 With his experience and proven record in government and business, he will work to build an economy that works for all Americans. More than 40% of Florida families still live paycheck to paycheck. We need a President focused on higher wages, affordable housing, access to healthcare, and a clean environment.
22345 But the current virus is more like a blip than a trend,
22346 changing the paradigm for scientific investigation. Without the data platform, we would not have had the statistical power to run an analysis on all possible diseases
22347 empower great journalism with great technology, material distribution and monetization
22348 I'm just going to be me. This is who I am. I don't ask you to agree with my opinions. I just ask you to listen, watch, read it and understand that I'm giving you my honest opinion. I don't ever do a show where I go, `OK Madeline, you take that side, I'll take this side and we'll just argue because it's entertaining.' It's not authentic. I want to always be authentic.
22349 The key is not to change the person but to change the environment,
22350 The movement we're seeing now is not just a reaction to one pandemic,
22351 The university only acknowledged the concerns of #NotAgainSU, international students, Jewish students, and indigenous students,
22352 I would want to be that mentor figure to someone else.
22353 You want them (stakeholders) to be with you, not fighting with you and that involves some outreach, but also PCORI should recognize that doing so distracts from what your real mission is, which is research.
22354 I wouldn't put it that way because we're pretty murderous also,
22355 It's time for a restoration for a deeper philosophical basis for economics based on human dignity and the Church's social teaching,
22356 Our customers include some of the largest media and entertainment, research, financial, healthcare and government institutions in the world,
22357 Pachauri's death came after years of court proceedings in India, where he was accused in 2015 of sexually harassing a female employee at TERI. He denied the harassment charges, even as two additional women alleged similar misconduct against them
22358 We shouldn't be doing that -- our financial investments in the fossil fuels are actually ensuring that we're contributing to global warming and the climate crisis,
22359 For this to be true, however, strong political commitment to continued carbon regulation in the future and increased scarcity in markets is needed. Absent such political will, low prices will do little to decarbonize regulated economies.
22360 global financial conditions remain much tighter compared to the beginning of the year,
22361 The Congress saw Rahul Gandhi as the natural leader of the party and wanted him to take a larger role. In this situation, as soon as Rahul Gandhi expressed his opposition to the ordinance, senior Congress politicians, who had earlier supported the proposed ordinance in the Cabinet and even defended it publicly, promptly changed their position,
22362 There actually is a great deal of banking fraud that the industry absorbs every year in order to conduct business. But I think any amount of voter or election fraud can potentially call into question the results of an election,
22363 structural changes that make it easier to file taxes.
22364 Things they don't tell you about Capitalism
22365 We kept talking about how this was important and we really didn't have enough material to satisfy the needs of students,
22366 We make sure we protect ourselves as much as we can but this is a very personal service.
22367 A second is industrial centers like Wuhan, Detroit, and Northern Italy, which are connected through supply chains,
22368 Are you going along with this?
22369 It is the strong view of the European Banking Federation that any decisions by a listed bank to withhold its 2019 dividends at this stage needs to take into account the perception of investors about the solvency of the European banking sector and the expectations of shareholders,
22370 The worst suffering could be for informal workers, people who are... invisible and very hard to go identify, find, and help,
22371 This is a serious concern because not only does the lockdown keep people from going to work, it keeps them at home which is not necessarily that pristine isolated place but can also be a slum where people live together,
22372 We process nearly half of the UK's debit and credit card transactions, which reflects Barclays position in the marketplace. Partnerships such as this enable us to continue to commit investment to developing new payment solutions that benefit all of our customers.
22373 full financial power of Europe
22374 I learned very early on that when you try to work around an existing government structure, it rarely works,
22375 It helps contain the damage,
22376 Then, I got it. I said to myself that I was going back to India, my country.
22377 We don't have a vision on how we engage and compete with China,
22378 The macroeconomic policies are not where they should be, structural policies are not where they should be,
22379 Asset prices typically do not fall in straight lines without some retracement, and hence currently, we have pivoted to a net long stance from being defensively net short for the past several months,
22380 Objective, balanced, nuanced research is acceptable, but not to fund advocacy of one country's position vis-a-vis China.
22381 The good news is that, in principle, case isolation alone is sufficient to end community outbreaks of [ COVID-19 ] transmission, provided that cases are detected efficiently,
22382 The underlying strength of the state's economy is evident,
22383 These assessments are preliminary as the situation is very fluid and the degree of uncertainty concerning the outbreak is very high,
22384 will unavoidably have negative effects on economic activity
22385 send information directly to the cloud
22386 After overcoming the coronavirus pandemic that the world is currently experiencing.
22387 This is the Sudan we dream of,
22388 But even more important [ than suppressing information ]... is the question of the attention given to a fact -- its placement, tone, and repetitions, the framework of analysis within which it is presented, and the related facts that accompany it and give it meaning (or preclude understanding).
22389 helped convince major financial institutions not to make otherwise low-risk loans, collateralized by gold, to the Venezuelan government.
22390 In a refreshing change, our Tesla short position (despite an early-month spike higher) worked well for us this month,
22391 Public debt levels will have increased,
22392 a very difficult economic phase
22393 China is trying to showcase to the world its goodwill and friendship by taking a similar approach to its famous `panda diplomacy' ,
22394 I think a lot of people's heads were not yet in the magnitude of the economic problem that coronavirus was going to pose,
22395 We had a creaky infrastructure to begin with, and it's now at risk of breaking.
22396 That's where it's going to bite.
22397 We've learned in other areas of development to be more sophisticated in our use of financial instruments,
22398 being stuck on the toilet and finding you're down to the last square.
22399 But obviously, there are a number of convergence criteria that would have to be met and I am sure that our President is talking with other presidents to be sure that they can meet those criteria and the region can be fully integrated,
22400 I just think injuries happen. We've had more than our share this year, but we have to build a team that can handle it.
22401 As in all episodes of panic, one of the greatest risks is governments that feel the need to do something quick and massive, probably contributing to that same panic that they call to mitigate. Taking unnecessary interventionist measures, closing the economy, and disguising the risk with bricks and mortar may be even worse as a solution than the problem itself.
22402 we are on the cusp of a `Thunberg moment' in global tax
22403 zero or even negative.
22404 Demand is impacted very adversely. W're trying to offset that with our policy,
22405 He used to corner Republican politicians and talk to them about legalization
22406 So rational spectrum allocation would ensure a kind of stability going forward,
22407 There was a pretty stark distinction between people on the floor and people in the office,
22408 Any piece of good news will send the markets up and any piece of bad news will send the markets down.
22409 Before the virus hit, acceptable amounts of personal space in the U.S. varied widely from person to person, based on personality, upbringing, cultural background, and age,
22410 Buybacks are just an alternative to dividends. They are never a source of worry.
22411 should be showing up on the dashboard much more than it is
22412 The new taxation proposal is a matter of serious concern for every Indian expat in the Gulf region. Under the garb of slashing taxes for NRIs, in fact, the minister is bringing them under the ambit of tax net now,
22413 The only way to limit this risk is to dramatically reduce the number of students residing at Brown,
22414 They were very enthusiastic; I would love to do this again.
22415 A huge crisis -- caused by fake money and fake thinking -- is coming.
22416 How do we build more social cohesion? How do we ensure that people have pathways to social mobility?
22417 This puts them in a very difficult situation: either you have to continue working and expose [ yourself ] or you try to survive without a steady source of income,
22418 I think that's probably pretty normal, but it's useful once in a while to sit back and reflect on where we are and where we're going.
22419 If there is strong evidence for how we can promote our children's wellbeing, we should be doing it,
22420 inform and empower social movements.
22421 We stand in solidarity with efforts like 2907 to raise taxes on big businesses. However, we are absolutely opposed to preemption.
22422 But in reality it will be pocket change to the billionaires.
22423 But our movement is moving forward with its grassroots ballot initiative if City Council fails to enact a strong Amazon Tax.
22424 You don't achieve progressive victories and certainly don't show any leadership by not doing anything that we know will be enormously helpful just because there's going to be a lawsuit,
22425 a reminder that she's a dogged representative of the corporate landlord lobby.
22426 It is pretty safe to move around here in Malaysia and domestic tourism would certainly cushion the outbreak's impact to our economy,
22427 Joining forces with the T Sisters and The New Chambers Brothers allows Full Moonalice to take audiences on a mind bending musical journey through the sounds of the 60s.
22428 limit the damage to demand,
22429 achieve a bigger impact for less money than supporting people who have lost their jobs.
22430 A major policy error could do serious damage. Fortunately, monetary and fiscal policy have made a pretty good start in the last four weeks.
22431 Italy needs to reduce the spread of the virus to a speed the health system can cope with, and that does not appear to be the case yet.
22432 markets are relieved that the phase-one deal means that the U.S.-China trade war is not escalating,
22433 The hope is for price appreciation to slow in line with wage growth, which is about 3 percent.
22434 Existing-home sales are off to a strong start
22435 Lenders might think this is a good profit opportunity, assuming borrowers don't care about a few basis points. Another reason would be for lenders to close the gates on customers as more people want to refinance and they don't have the resources to manage an influx of new loans. And the third possible reason is the future of Fannie and Freddie's government guarantee.
22436 Inventory availability will be the key to consistent future gains,
22437 Numbers in the coming weeks will show just how hard the housing market was hit, but I am optimistic that the upcoming stimulus package will lessen the economic damage and we may get a `V-shaped' robust recovery later in the year.
22438 Home values will stay on much firmer ground if we go into a recession,
22439 We saw the year come to a close with the economy churning out 2.3 million jobs, mortgage rates below four percent and housing starts ramp up to 1.6 million on an annual basis,
22440 Due to the shortage of affordable homes, home sales growth will only rise by around 3%,
22441 The national target for grain requirements stands at 110 000 metric tonnes a month. That is the figure that will ensure that no one goes hungry,
22442 It is a global norm and we will not be the first to do that. Uniformed forces have such shops in cantonment areas as part of their service benefits. For the teachers, there are silo shops and there must be subsidised. These shops have not been rolled out fast enough for teachers, nurses but it will with time,
22443 Zimbabwe is easily the biggest buy in Africa right now.
22444 We have our own projection of 3%, so you can see that generally there is a feeling that this will be a better year. So we are sticking to our 3% rate of growth,
22445 the NHS starts in a deep hole after a decade of underfunding and understaffing
22446 the truest transformation never ends.
22447 remarkable quarter with a lot of products and customer momentum in both applications and infrastructure,
22448 There are many reasons for optimism, despite the dire circumstances. In countries with major outbreaks, the number of new cases has come down, after strong social distancing practices were put in place. The unprecedented pace of work on treatments and vaccines also promises hope. The swift and substantial economic policy actions taken in many countries will help shield people and firms, preventing even more severe economic pain and create the conditions for the recovery.
22449 Clearly we have seen a rise in geopolitical tensions in the Middle East. We still have to see how far this goes. If you look at the response of markets and if you look at oil prices the reaction has been fairly muted at this point,
22450 No.. I don't think I know a single macroeconomist who thinks that this was a good idea. And, it's not something I think should be done for a country such as India and the level of development it has,
22451 There is simply no room for complacency, and the world needs stronger multilateral cooperation and national-level policies to support a sustained recovery that benefits all.
22452 Few signs of turning points are yet visible in global macroeconomic data,
22453 greater than the economies of Japan and Germany combined.
22454 It's a bit of a wait and watch.
22455 Since then some risks have partially receded when the economic outlook was announced with the announcement of US-China Phase 1 deal and a lower likelihood of a no-deal Brexit,
22456 The second is the importance of having strong social safety nets that can be triggered automatically... in the sense that countries have strong unemployment insurance schemes, that can provide cash transfers much more quickly... those are the ones able to respond to needs much faster and I can see a world where everybody goes more towards this type of automatic transfer system.
22457 There cannot be a tiny possibility that you would not be a zone the way it is now in the future,
22458 This makes the Great Lockdown the worst recession since the Great Depression, and far worse than the global financial crisis.
22459 should come from the monetary stimulus that has been put in the system and some of it from the corporate tax cut,
22460 We need to think, what are we celebrating. Are we aware of the systems around us?
22461 It is a good move as the main shock at such a time experienced by the economy is insufficient cash flows. It impacts enterprises as they are concerned about when they can pay back. Not having to pay at this time is the right thing,
22462 We reiterate our willingness to continue close co-operation with China in order to efficiently eradicate this common threat,
22463 Ensuring quarantine conditions with permanent monitoring for thousands of travelers from China is unfeasible,
22464 As for the flight service, we have agreed that in the next two days, the Ministry of Transport and the Ministry of the Interior will analyze the number of our citizens returning to Russia, and then a decision on flights from China and to China will be made,
22465 There's no reason to panic. And all the measures we are now taking are preventative,
22466 Apart from the Covid-19 global pandemic, electricity supply constraints and other sources of uncertainty are expected to keep economic activity muted. Public sector investment has declined, and job creation has slowed.
22467 Current estimates from the IMF show global growth contracting this year by about 2.9%. Economic contractions are expected to be deepest in the second quarter of 2020, with some recovery expected in the third quarter of the year.
22468 Bringing together diverse perspectives through this consortium will allow for this holistic review. In order to achieve this, we need the public and private sector to collaborate.
22469 Any evaluation of digital currencies should consider both policy and business objectives, as well as the unique circumstances that face different economies around the world, in order to fully evaluate their risks and benefits,
22470 Pollution is mainly due to stubble burning and weather conditions. If it is due to construction, then why is air quality not improving after stopping construction?
22471 potentially large but ultimately temporary
22472 Prior to the referendum, the MPC expected that a vote to leave would prompt the exchange rate to fall sharply, inflation to rise above the 2% target, and growth to slow materially. That is exactly what happened.
22473 assessing the economic impacts and considering the policy implications
22474 This could turn an existential risk into the greatest commercial opportunity of our time.
22475 If evidence builds that weakness in activity could persist, risk management considerations would favour a relatively prompt response.
22476 To be clear these are still early days and it's less of a case of so far so good than so far good enough,
22477 Although the risk of a semi-hard Brexit at the end of 2020 will continue to hang over the UK, the sweeping Dec 12 election win for (Prime Minister Boris) Johnson and his Conservative Party has brought much of the damaging uncertainty of recent years to an end,
22478 weaker external backdrop and a persistent drag from entrenched Brexit uncertainties
22479 bar for change to the regime is very high
22480 a central bank-supported digital currency could replace the dollar as the global hedge currency.
22481 The FTSE sank below 6,600 for the first time since the final days of 2018.
22482 the Canadian oil and gas industry has long been at the centre of the debate about financial institutions and climate change, thanks in part to major European banks such as HSBC Plc and BNP Paribas announcing they would not invest in new projects in the oilsands. Large pension funds in Europe and North America have also signalled plans to divest their holdings in heavy oil companies -- moves which have hurt the Calgary oilpatch.
22483 relative merits of near term stimulus
22484 the low level of interest rates, recent tax refunds, ongoing spending on infrastructure, a brighter outlook for the resources sector and, later this year, an expected recovery in residential construction,
22485 build a bridge to recovery
22486 world's most expensive bank
22487 government bonds and semi-government securities across the yield curve
22488 Funding markets are open to only the highest quality borrowers.
22489 Internationally, there are increased concerns about the effect of very low interest rates on resource allocation and their effect on the confidence of some people,
22490 GDP growth in the March quarter is likely to be noticeably weaker than earlier expected,
22491 The ports-of-entry for trucks is a very critical component of our integrated economy,
22492 In an urban area, the impacts of reduced traffic will be very noticeable,
22493 I think it's an agenda the current U.S. administration has been planning for some time, and they're using the guise of COVID-19 to ram it through. It is clearly a counterproductive measure.
22494 They have a system in place so families fan pull up in cars and food can be placed in their trunks,
22495 We need to be able to conduct operations,
22496 Moscow provided a notification that they were going to have a snap exercise, which they said was intended to test their capabilities to provide military support to the civil response to the COVID-19 outbreak.
22497 support, train, assist, and advise the Afghan security forces as long as that is wanted and needed to create the conditions for a lasting peace.
22498 We can support Afghans, we can help them, but we cannot negotiate peace for them. They have to do that themselves, and they want to do it themselves.
22499 President Trump has expressed a clear wish for more support from NATO. We have a good dialogue among NATO allies and, of course, also with the countries concerned, for instance, Iraq, on how we can do this, how we can do more.
22500 remain fully committed to arms control and disarmament,
22501 It is also important that Ukraine continue on the path of reform. We commend Ukraine for the promise they made. We commend President [ Volodymyr ] Zelensky for the initiative he has taken to renew the efforts to find a peaceful solution to the conflict in Ukraine. We have seen some progress here, in particular, within the Normandy Format. We welcome the fact that we have seen prisoner exchanges, and disengagement has also been expanded,
22502 I strongly believe that if we don't act now we may be forced back in combat,
22503 Together we are committed to fighting terrorism and ensure that Daesh does not come back,
22504 We will try to do whatever we can to find a way to solve this issue because it' s one of the issues that has created problems inside the alliance. There' s no way to deny that.
22505 At the same time there is no alternative. The only way to have a peaceful solution is a negotiated agreement and to talk to Taliban.
22506 We've got a curveball with this coronavirus. I think that's a big deal. If you look at what happened in 2003, estimates ranged 0.5% to 2% in GDP for China, half a percent for Southeast Asia. Stock markets sold off double digits. If you look at the escalation of the reported cases, it feels a lot like that.
22507 It reminds me a lot of the early' 99. In early 99 we had 1.6% PCE, 2.3% CPI. We have the exact same metrics today.
22508 All those folks who have jobs that require face-to-face contact, many jobs in services, there's no demand for that work right now and quite frankly it can be dangerous for folks to do those jobs,
22509 China has been trying to go through this transition from being a nation of shippers to a nation of shoppers,
22510 watch a drama on Netflix or something like that,
22511 In times of crisis such as at present, foreign exchange interventions and capital flow management measures can usefully complement interest rate and other monetary policy actions,
22512 This is especially true for retail, hospitality, transport, and tourism. In most countries, the majority of workers are either self-employed or employed by small and medium-sized enterprises. These businesses and workers are especially exposed
22513 With fewer resources to begin with, they are dangerously exposed to the ongoing demand and supply shocks, drastic tightening in financial conditions, and some may face an unsustainable debt burden.
22514 These bold efforts are not only in the interest of each country, but of the global economy as a whole. Even more will be needed, especially on the fiscal front.
22515 for the first time in IMF history, epidemiologists are providing input to macroeconomic projections.
22516 Then it was 8 percent of the world economy. Now it is 19 percent and it is much more integrated in Asia and with the rest of the world. Therefore, disruptions are more likely to cascade down to other countries,
22517 too often we overlook the financial sector, which can also have a profound and long-lasting positive or negative effect on inequality.
22518 In fact, there may be a sizeable rebound, but only if we succeed with containing the virus everywhere and prevent liquidity problems from becoming a solvency issue,
22519 In this context, I welcomed the Argentine authorities' commitment to continue to deepen our engagement including through an Article IV Consultation and steps toward a Fund-supported program in the future. The modalities of these next steps will continue to be discussed,
22520 The US is in recession, as is the rest of the advanced economies of the world. And in a big chunk of developed and emerging markets in developing economies. How severe? We are working now on our projections for 2020,
22521 nearly 80 countries are requesting our help -- and we are working closely with the other international financial institutions to provide a strong coordinated response.
22522 This is the largest outflow they have ever recorded,
22523 The projected recovery is expected to be shallow and subject to downside risks,
22524 Furthermore, the chemicals sector is highly exposed to key end markets such as automotive, oil & gas and aerospace, which are expected to contract heavily as a result of the current global economic situation,
22525 Depth of contraction and speed of recovery depend on containment of pandemic.
22526 It's a luxury we didn't have a few years ago. It's a luxury we didn't have during SARS, really. It's convenient, and you're also not exposing yourself and your loved ones to unwanted risks.
22527 I keep out anything that would have carbs in it,
22528 Provinces have actually been doing this for a very long time, so for the feds to come into the game of promoting local foods all of a sudden could actually create some confusion.
22529 A lot of trucking companies are getting more contracts, so there could be shortages in terms of capacity for trucking. And obviously, with Ontario [ having ] 14 million people to feed versus a few million in the Maritimes, economics could actually play against us.
22530 Right now, the board is reviewing seven serious chemical safety incidents that occurred in Texas, some of which resulted in worker fatalities. One of these incidents occurred just last week, when a chemical exploded at the Watson chemical facility in Houston, claiming the life of one worker.
22531 By removing federal clean water protection from millions of miles of streams and more than half of the nation's wetlands, this rule will result in more pollution, dirtier water, less certainty and higher costs for everyone except the upstream polluters the Trump Administration wants to protect,
22532 What followed was decades of environmental progress that went hand in hand with public participation in project planning and the federal decision-making process. For countless American communities, the law has served as a bulwark against projects and other activities that could harm the environment, human health or quality of life.
22533 I'm concerned about this collusion whether it's intentional or unintentional between the Russians and the South Carolina Republicans to support Senator Sanders,
22534 Recently, the media documented one short-term health insurance company billing a patient $3,000 for a [ COVID-19 ] screening test,
22535 Sentiment among German managers is somewhat diminished,
22536 The likelihood of recession has therefore increased noticeably,
22537 Those quarters might be boom quarters,
22538 We continued to trade and serve our customers during World War II, and only closed for a short period of time after the car bomb attack of the 1980s.
22539 The board is pleased with the group's first-half performance, delivering another strong set of results and reflecting our broad, well-balanced service offering and our ability to both expand and invest for the long-term benefit of the group's stakeholders,
22540 While the recent locust invasion in East Africa has raised risks to food prices, we nonetheless see scope for further easing, potentially as early as Kenya's March MPC meeting.
22541 Central Bank of Kenya (CBK) surprised with an unexpected CBR cut in January, to 8.25%. We now see scope for a further 25bps cut in Kenya in March, to 8.0%. Below-potential economic growth and a near-term improvement in CPI favour more easing in Kenya. While growth concerns are still evident in Uganda, we now no longer see further easing in this cycle. Ugandan inflation remains well-behaved, but this year's locust invasion is a threat to food prices. At 9%, Uganda's policy rate is already at a historical low.
22542 an economy that combines the tough discipline of the market with fair-minded government oversight.
22543 And I found that to be particularly tragic, because young people are the people who feel the worst effects of gun violence, and student loans and trying to figure out how to start their lives and how to pay their bills, and climate change, and are we going to war -- all these horrific situations that we find ourselves facing right now.
22544 I need to be on the right side of history. Dad, I need you to forgive me for doing it, because I'm doing it.
22545 I've never been prouder of his acting skills. Which, who knew, who knew that he had a passion for it. I didn't know. He's going to start auditioning now.
22546 determine the number of seats each state has in the U.S. House of Representatives (a process called apportionment) and is also used to distribute billions in federal funds to local communities.
22547 She said, `I didn't die. [ Dave's father ] Mel did and Dave did, but I am alive. And I am going to live.' She put her arm around me and said, `And you are going to live too.' Then she completely stunned me by adding, `And you are not only going to live, but you are going to get remarried one day -- and I am going to be there to celebrate with you.
22548 first minister had been a nicer and better man
22549 Be brave, be loud, be heard.
22550 It would be insane to do anything like that. Her claims are a fabrication from start to finish.
22551 felt like I was being hunted
22552 I think over the passage of time the incident is misremembered,
22553 stroked her face until I know she was awake
22554 The shutdown is inevitable as it is already happening, but not in a controlled fashion which is extending the economic pain and amplifying the spread of the virus.
22555 The only shared sacrifice that is going on right now is the health-care community, the nurses, the doctors, the people taking care of patients. Those people are making enormous sacrifices,
22556 Mr. President, the only answer is to shut down the country for the next 30 days and close the borders,
22557 Mr. President, the moment you send everyone home for Spring Break and close the borders, the infection rate will plummet, the stock market will soar, and the clouds will lift. We need your leadership now!
22558 will definitively answer this question hopefully soon.
22559 no business can survive 18 months without revenue.
22560 there is no stoppage in education.
22561 It will be the local government, which will decide [ for the resumption of classes ],
22562 All remaining 4th Quarter Examinations for the week of March 16 to 20 [ will be conducted ] on similar staggered basis. Students shall come to school next week (March 16 to 20) on the day of their respective examination schedules.
22563 This appears intended as a broad signal to U.S. trading partner countries that any significant weakening of their currencies relative to the dollar could invite retaliatory actions,
22564 You can't win. If you overdo it, you panic everybody. If you underdo it, they get complacent.
22565 That's the nature of modeling: We put in what we know,
22566 But the weekly level is still almost unfathomably high.
22567 The survey captures only the start of the lockdown which we expect soon to cover almost the whole country, and a 12.6-point decline in the index is nothing like enough to reflect the hit,
22568 We don't know yet whether Congress will spend, say, 2% of GDP or 10%. We hope for the latter, but given that the very modest first-stage House bill has not yet passed the Senate, it's hard to be wildly optimistic,
22569 All the slowdown in payroll growth from the 2018 peak has been due to slower gross hiring, not rising lay-offs. Note too that continuing claims fell sharply again, down 37K. The spike in late December, which triggered a degree of consternation among some investors, has now reversed. That's no surprise; continuing claims just lag initial claims, which spiked in early December as a result of seasonal adjustment problems,
22570 Utility output is now well below trend and a huge rebound will come when temperatures revert to seasonal norms, but note for now that the Jan decline likely constrained real consumers' spending last month. People don't realize in real-time that they have saved money when winter temperatures are warmer than usual, so the drop in real spending on utility energy will not immediately be offset by gains elsewhere,
22571 We reckon May payrolls will be reported falling by about 19M, driving the unemployment rate to 16% if none of the newly-unemployed leave the labor force. That seems unlikely, given that the labor force reportedly dropped by 1.6 M in March, when household employment fell by 3.0 M.
22572 It looks to me like the order of magnitude in most states seems to be about 10 times higher than the normal weekly numbers before the crisis,
22573 The manufacturing losses in January were offset by above-trend increases in business services and healthcare, and a 44K leap in construction, likely thanks to the exceptionally mild winter across much of the country and the clear upturn in the housing market. Looking ahead, surveys continue to point to substantially slower payroll growth, but the hard data have outperformed substantially in recent months and show no signs yet of fading. Even so, January's jump in payrolls likely will be followed by a significantly smaller increase in February, as favourable weather effects fade and healthcare job growth mean-reverts,
22574 We expect the outbreak to be over by the end of May, and perhaps much earlier than that,
22575 four times higher at 50-59 years than at 40-49 years; 19 times higher at 60-69 years; 105 times higher per million of population at 70-79 years than at 40-49 years; and around 210 times higher per million of population at 80-plus years than at 40-49 years.
22576 In a fully employed economy, when tariffs raise the prices of imports but there is no scope for expanding the supply of domestic substitutes, something has to push the prices of imports back down. So the dollar rises,
22577 It does seem that dollar signs have the ability to blind federal politicians, local councils, Australian investors to doing what they should do, and that is ask questions -- hard questions -- about these investors.
22578 Keep it. There's no evidence that the deficit is too big,
22579 curry favor with wealthy Wall Street types.
22580 The coronavirus crisis is affecting a wide range of energy markets - including coal, gas and renewables-but its impact on oil markets is particularly severe because it is stopping people and goods from moving around, dealing a heavy blow to demand for transport fuels,
22581 The scale of the climate challenge requires a broad coalition encompassing governments, investors, companies and everyone else who is genuinely committed to reducing emissions,
22582 When we look at the coming year (2020), looking at demand and supply of oil, we see a well-supplied oil market with more than one million barrels per day of a surplus of oil in the market. So, there is no reason to worry for the time being,
22583 Governments can use the current situation to step up their climate ambitions and launch sustainable stimulus packages focused on clean energy technologies. Rather than compounding the tragedy by allowing it to hinder clean energy transitions, we need to seize the opportunity to help accelerate them,
22584 Yet there is no guarantee that buyers will emerge out of the woodwork even if OPEC + further tightens the oil spigots,
22585 wasn't in your face
22586 but time is not infinite.
22587 The ECB is willing to do anything to help absolutely everyone in the EU. In my view that is a strong statement that should help to stabilise the markets,
22588 `The challenge we face now is how to act now with sufficient strength and speed to prevent the recession from morphing into a prolonged depression, made deeper by a plethora of defaults leaving irreversible damage. '
22589 Instead of focusing on the pressing issues that impact people's lives, the government is busy distracting people with divisive agendas like CAA, NRC and NPR
22590 It is in Africa's interest to have an endogenous process of growth that is green.
22591 Africa shouldn't be in a situation wherein it is begging,
22592 no one is recommending the use of such policies in ordinary times; it's precisely in the most difficult or extreme circumstances, in which other monetary and fiscal tools might be unavailable or ineffective, that MFFPs might be considered.
22593 in the face of an economic downturn or undesirably low inflation, the room available for conventional rate cuts is much smaller than in the past.
22594 The patient has been admitted to an isolated ward and those who treat him will be wearing protection kit when near him. Samples have already been sent for a test,
22595 The various offices that support students are making plans to offer their services remotely,
22596 Brown is in conversation with Education Commissioner Infante-Green and education leaders about a cohesive overall approach to supporting Providence schools in ways that align with efforts at the city and state levels,
22597 Ultimately, this information and industry feedback are vital to understanding the performance, cost, affordability, schedule risks and trades needed to successfully execute the FLRAA program.
22598 There have been movements throughout Mormon history -- this seems to be one of them -- of people that feel that they really understand the truly teachings of the church, that they are living on a higher plane, and that they've been given a special calling from God to do something distinctive and unique. In this case, get ready for Jesus' return,
22599 We try to never engineer something. I think the best things just happen and afterwards have a positive impact.
22600 We are faced with an urgency. We see a window for action closing and this is the reason why we put so much emphasis on the issue of climate for the 50th anniversary.
22601 Digital currency, a cross-cutting topic that requires input across sectors, functions, and geographies, is a key area of interest for the Forum,
22602 The underlying assumption is that those big challenges -- environmental... poverty -- cannot be solved by governments alone, or by business alone, or by civil society. You need co-operation,
22603 Well, it's hard. It's emotional,
22604 I love Ryan. But you're right, how many years? It was time to move on.
22605 1263.2 MW RLNG based power generation Project near Trimmu Barrage by Punjab Thermal Power (PVT) Limited -- Firm Gas take off
22606 Now, as the global economy is slowing down due to the pandemic, our exports are also likely to be impacted and our foreign remittances are also likely to be reduced,
22607 adequate stocks of sugar are available in the country but prices in both domestic and international market are showing an upward trend
22608 China and other brotherly countries have supported Pakistan throughout the process in terms of guiding the country in improving its frameworks,
22609 almost surely be played in LaBahn Arena unless something else happens.
22610 Talented, dedicated faculty and staff are any university's most valuable assets,
22611 I do want to recognize, though, that the ministry has provided some other funding for some of the Barrie police's one-off projects,
22612 It's questionable how effective the stricter screenings will be,
22613 On Saturday this week, I worked full time carrying out a coordination meeting through a conference call with the board of the Finance Ministry to draft policies and steps on the state budget [ APBN ] and the state finances in handling the spread of the coronavirus,
22614 One way to look at it is the share of home ownership is falling in the city of Vancouver, and that's already in the municipality where the share of renter households is the highest,
22615 The magic with Steven is that he is able to act in a way that is consistent with his basic principles, but in a pragmatic way to bring other people onside, to build bridges,
22616 Recent disappointing economic data have raised expectations that the Bank of England could well cut rates this week from 0.75 per cent to 0.5 per cent, over concerns that the slowdown in economic data seen at the end of 2019 has spilled into the early part of this year,
22617 The market is fragile, let's be clear,
22618 There was nothing in there about statutory sick pay. Nothing about stopping the two-child limit on child benefit payments. It was an attempt to calm the markets.
22619 We are hearing positive things, except for the pledge that it will be done. Leaders in high-energy physics see this project as being a critical element to advance the science. It will complement the Large Hadron Collider in Europe.
22620 We're dependent on the Japanese to make a decision on this,
22621 We are positive on India for the long term. We believe it is the right price to invest in India and will continue to add positions in India if an opportunity presents itself,
22622 The worst news, I believe, on which markets have reacted so negatively i.e. WHO declaring it a pandemic has already come in. cannot get worse except for number of deaths rising and the world coming to virtual standstill. I am looking forward to just one statement `we have found the cure' -- which will send markets into new zones, giving very little opportunity to buy into quality names at stress valuations,
22623 We demand that the government allows unfettered access to Jammu and Kashmir to all politicians and not resort to guided tours for envoys,
22624 They think the longer this (the protest) stays, the more will be the polarisation.... They are hoping it would work in Bengal. The next big target is Bengal.
22625 It's the first time I discovered you had a heart!
22626 We almost went to war and he wants to be a one-man peace army, go there just as Gandhi went to Noakhali, but he cools down and the Nehru-Liaquat Pact is signed in April that year.
22627 Any proposal for increased spending on defence was shot down by him (Desai), saying that... any spending on defence was an insult to the memory of Gandhi... I have presented the evidence that shows how as finance minister, he constantly sabotaged efforts to increase defence expenditure.
22628 We think of a depression as a recession that is very, very deep and very, very long,
22629 With funding stresses likely eased, focus will likely shift to the large size of the Fed balance sheet expansion, increase in fiscal deficits in DM economies as well as issues around the sustainability of the European monetary union. We believe this will likely lead to debasement concerns similar to the post GFC period,
22630 In contrast, with nearly 3.5 million barrels per day of OPEC + spare capacity, the demand shock plus their spare capacity was now enough output to entirely undercut the 7.7 million barrels per day of total shale output -- an opportunity OPEC has not had since 2012.
22631 We are blessed and honored to have him working with us.
22632 The air is a combination of fresh air and recirculated air, about half each. The recirculated air goes through filters of the exact same type that we use in surgical operating theaters. That supplied air is guaranteed to be 99.97% (or better) free of viruses and other particles.
22633 I also had really bad flu that left me very weak last year, so I'm taking the threat of coronavirus very seriously.
22634 While we understand many call centres are facing challenges, it is inappropriate that many customers who under financial pressures are unable to cancel services.
22635 We also note that the content offered by the four key magazine titles, including celebrity news, `real life' stories, puzzles, and food, health and lifestyle tips, is all available from other sources.
22636 This supports government efforts to ensure governments and health services are able to provide a coordinated response to the pandemic.
22637 As it has with a number of industries already, the ACCC stands ready to assist telecommunications providers with approval of any coordinated measures that are urgent and necessary during this crisis.
22638 There's always really low-life individuals trying to take advantage of people,
22639 Consumers paid a premium for floor-level seats, ranging between $895 and $3995 for a hospitality package and may have done so as a result of misleading seating advertising,
22640 Providing financial relief for policy holders during this pandemic is an important and welcome measure. We are also pleased to see moves to cover tele-health consultations, so that policyholders can still safely consult health professionals,
22641 a serious stain on the reputation of the Philippine National Police.
22642 He got called to the clubhouse for a phone call and never came back,
22643 I know that with Jim, you're going to get a fair shake.
22644 I am proud of the progress that CIB has made and of the team of dedicated experts that we have assembled. CIB has already committed $3.6 B to projects valued at $20B. In addition, CIB is working on a large pipeline of new projects in collaboration with over 100 public sponsors from coast to coast to coast at the federal, provincial, territorial, municipal and Indigenous government levels
22645 It's very important, and certainly leveraging a great, natural asset that Manitoba has,
22646 In a rapidly warming world, temperature increases pose a challenge to achieving that goal of `good health and well-being.
22647 It is about putting particular segments of society in the position that they would have been in but for some undeserved misfortune
22648 People like Paul Krugman were saying that when Trump gets in, the economy is going to tank. No.. The economy hit new highs. There are so many people, especially among the intelligentsia, who are absolutely immune to facts.
22649 recognise the extra burden on poor countries
22650 We estimate that in MENA, increasing female labour force participation to the levels of men could boost regional GDP by 47 percent,
22651 They can't announce too loudly they have no tools left,
22652 We have a lot of young people entering the labor force. We need to provide jobs for them and even if much of the growth is job-oriented, 5% simply doesn't cut it,
22653 This forecast includes the immediate tax cut that the new government put into place... conservatively on the order of 0.1 percentage points on growth. It's probably a little bit more than that, but I want to put a number against it because it's a targeted tax cut as opposed to just a general fiscal stimulus.
22654 We believe all this will be temporary but can be prolonged if confidence is unduly damaged. And so these actions are meant to buttress that confidence and give us a bridge across the trouble,
22655 We suspect that they view the impact of a coordinated move on confidence as greater than the sum of the impacts of each individual move.
22656 This dysfunction has created new economic risks arising from events such as shutdowns and debt ceiling fights that can have substantial effects on financial conditions and growth.
22657 As an economist I say unequivocally: Legislation aimed at cutting the number of workdays would significantly cut GDP and household income, and would mainly hurt people with incomes below the median,
22658 California was by far and away the dominant manufacturing state in the United States,
22659 If we're looking at four weeks, it's a hurricane. But to be clear, if this goes 40 weeks, California is not in a good position.... Our revenue system in the state is so hypersensitive to shifts in capital gains that if the stock market really did stay down where it is right now, we're going to take a massive hit.
22660 has set a hugely damaging precedent. Not only is it an aggressive, ugly thing, looming over the neighboring almshouses, but it's now being used by other developers to justify building similar schemes nearby.
22661 Information bearing on the economy's near-term path is rapidly available to all, but rare events such as recessions are fundamentally unforecastable.
22662 It's a bad policy and it's encouraging people to take money out when the market has just dropped 35%. Your $10,000 was maybe worth $14,000 a few weeks ago,
22663 I don't give a damn about the government debt number at the moment,
22664 Joel has been a leader in highlighting the urgent need for this kind of testing -- David and I thank him for his leadership in this area and are excited to join forces with him. Our medical workers are on the frontlines of this crisis, have been hit hardest by it and need all the help and support we can give them. We have rough days ahead, but with collective action like this, together we will make it through.
22665 make collaborative decisions instead of a GM who will have the final say.
22666 We're very comfortable with what Tom is going to do this season,
22667 The first half was fine, because we had the wind and we were pretty comfortable,
22668 The uncertainty about future rates of return is one of the reasons to stay with higher contributions.
22669 They started throwing stones at the protesters, who then retaliated,
22670 We are to send eight aircraft on the 21st of this month to China; two of them will go to Beijing, three will go to Shanghai and three aircraft will go to Guangzhou. These eight aircraft will carry medical supplies donated by Chinese people, Chinese embassies, countries, government of Qatar and Qatar Airways to the Chinese people,
22671 It will be a very efficient hub in a very stable country in the heart of Africa and are going to take a stake in their national carrier because we see that Africa is another region that has huge growth potential,
22672 to date has been highly successful, and the announced increase in our shareholding is evidence of our continued support of IAG and its strategy.
22673 I am extremely happy that this data will help the country to better analyse and make predictions for the benefit of everyone at this crucial time.
22674 I'm most mad about the tree,
22675 In all my years of doing public policy research, I've never seen a plan where the funding mechanism could impact it this dramatically.
22676 The type of annuities that economists like, including myself... is what's called fixed annuities, or true lifetime income annuities. And those were already allowed in 401 (k) plans. This is just going to open up a door to considerable abuse.
22677 It is just really complicated to set these things up,
22678 It's about isolation, loneliness, lack of help and lack of community.
22679 Someone called me informing that the programme has been postponed.... Then I sent them a mail to confirm and I was informed that they are not holding it right now,
22680 although monetary policy has a meaningful role to play in future downturns, it's unlikely to be sufficient in the years ahead,
22681 I worry about low interest rates because they are a symptom of a deeper problem in the global economy,
22682 We can afford to increase federal spending and cut taxes
22683 I would be in favour of asking banks to suspend dividends and stock buybacks,
22684 What I've always worried about is that the existence of overleveraged corporations will exacerbate a downturn that occurs for any reason,
22685 The downturn is different than any we've ever experienced in America,
22686 But as it goes out, we know already that the acceleration of the pace of this virus, and this assault -- not only on the lives but the livelihood of the American people -- that we must do more. So we're preparing for CARES 2 already.
22687 If we stake out positions in advance of meetings and we have already decided that it doesn't matter what our colleagues have to say, there is no real reason for us to meet at all. We could save travel expenses by phoning in our votes.
22688 But I do think that because these jobs are so irregular, some kind of direct government income support is going to be needed. Maybe it would be some kind of tax holiday for individuals. It could take any number of forms, and I don't think it's especially important what exact form it takes. What's important is that Washington moves now and gets that money flowing.
22689 There is some evidence that the latest manufacturing recession is over,
22690 Frame the work as a learning problem, not an execution problem.
22691 I'll do a gig anytime it's sad young kids losing there lives no need
22692 Me n Rkid have been self isolating for 10 years c'mon a couple of months ain't fucking hurt
22693 I intend to retire as solo artist after album number three as I have just had a call from my brother begging me to start Oasis again in 2022 if you believe in life after love c'm on you know (SIC).
22694 Listen seriously a lot of people think I'm a **** and I am a good looking **** but once this is put to bed we need to get oasis back for a 1 of gig rite for charity c'mon Noel we can then go back to our amazing solo careers c'mon you know LG x (sic)
22695 I'm absolutely thrilled to have Eric Cantona, the last Rock n roll footballer, star in my video for `Once' . Songs like this don't come around very often and neither do football players like him,
22696 Sorry to everybody who came to the gig tnight in Hamburg my voice was not there and if I'd have carried on I'd have done more damage to it I love you all and hope you understand I'll make it up to you LG x
22697 It is an open-question as to how quickly we get the public health crisis, this coronavirus spread, under control,
22698 My current view on this is I think they're actually being genuine,
22699 no more than an indicator
22700 The CAA law that has been passed in my judgment should be turned down by the Supreme Court on the grounds of it being unconstitutional because you cannot have certain types of fundamental human rights linking citizenship with religious differences,
22701 I think the CAA must be scrapped because it cannot be an Act... That's the job of the Supreme Court to see whether what was passed in the Parliament can be legally attached to the Constitution,
22702 I am very much worried that where it happened in the capital of the country and is centrally governed. If minorities are tortured there and police failed or can't discharge their duties, it is a matter of serious concern,
22703 The playbook story in these events is that the Fed would always be a provider of liquidity as needed,
22704 We assume a mid-career worker, with 20 years of service remaining in their job before retirement,
22705 I suspect we are already in a recession,
22706 We don't know what the long run sensitivity is I don't think.
22707 significant operating profit decline in John Lewis
22708 We will also look at `right sizing' our store estate across both brands through a combination of new formats and new locations, repurposing and space reductions of existing stores, and closures, where necessary.
22709 Open floor plans, convenience, spacious bedrooms, and extra storage for outdoor toys are hot buttons for buyers today,
22710 They have no way to feed their children if they don't draw a paycheck every single week.
22711 They moved away from the idea of, How do we make our current workforce more productive? and to, How do we move workers off our payroll and onto a contract company? And then they can do whatever they want with the workers,
22712 This is a negative supply shock which reduces growth, increases cost and inflation. Monetary policy can affect demand shocks and its impact on negative supply shocks will be on income-positive as soon as you know the Fed is going to act but it's going to fizzle out over time,
22713 Four more years of Donald Trump, and between sanctions and military pressure they're going to collapse,
22714 Eventually, Trump is going to damage the market economy and the markets,
22715 We are putting the economy in the sleeping mode on a massive scale.
22716 the first line of action is [ spending ] in the health-care sector: making sure that there is enough medical staff, that they are well paid, and well protected.
22717 With leniency and dawn raids added to our armory of enforcement tools, we are now more equipped to exercise our full investigative powers.
22718 Depending on the composition of the deficit spending that makes up the fiscal gap, the immediate impact on GDP is close to 100 per cent of the fiscal stimulus.
22719 I do think we're going to see exemptions for shelter in place, as we move to the end of the month, and then some openings in May,
22720 when investors, businesses and -- most important -- consumers lose faith. Faith that they will have a job, that they will receive a paycheck, and that their retirement nest egg is safe.
22721 Under any scenario, if we get a good stimulus package, I still think it's a big hit. It's hard to gauge but my guess is we'll be down 2% to 3% in Q1 and around the same in Q2, assuming we get a lot of fiscal stimulus,
22722 A surge in business bankruptcies and failures is surely coming. It will further exacerbate the investment decline and be an impediment to the future economic recovery,
22723 If, on the other hand, we are wrong, then we call upon Hollub and Batchelder to publicly and clearly state whether or not OXY was approached as a possible acquisition target? It's a very simple question -- one that management should address on the February earnings call.
22724 Now it's reached a point that there are some companies that are sort of just given away. Some of these companies are awfully cheap, they're very cheap,
22725 There's no retail tenant who hasn't contacted their landlord already,
22726 If this leads to overall efficiency gains, either because large online firms such are more productive, or because retailers such as supermarkets are able to more efficiently serve consumers using online services, then this effect could weigh on retail unit wage costs and on CPI inflation for as long as these trends in consumer behaviour persist.
22727 It would be in keeping with its historical mandate if the Fed were to pursue a more co-ordinated relationship with both Congress and the president,
22728 I would not advocate going back to prior historical monetary arrangement,
22729 would be in keeping with its historical mandate if the Fed were to pursue a more coordinated relationship with both Congress and the President
22730 The tool will help monitor progress in the implementation of Agenda 2063 and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs),
22731 The training provided by the government was of good quality, but its duration was not enough.
22732 The US is the only country where we've really handed over a big part of our healthcare system to for-profit entities,
22733 Choir and services adds essence to the day. Sadly, devout won't be able to make it to the church, but live streaming will help us all to soak in the blessings and worship of Lord Jesus, who sacrificed his life for us,
22734 The big push now is for building Rejoice because we have had a lot of requests for a healthier eating option in the community,
22735 The project is designed to foster the development of inclusive, sustainable and resilient food systems, strengthen the conservation of natural resources, help the agriculture sector adapt to climate change and to improve the resilience of local livelihoods in managing risks,
22736 too much additional debt,
22737 We do not live in a United Kingdom, we live in a disunited kingdom... We know our best future is with you and when the people of Scotland have to choose between two unions, they are deciding to choose the European Union.
22738 Anyone reading the [ Communist ] manifesto today will be surprised to discover a picture of a world much like our own, teetering fearfully on the edge of technological innovation. In the manifesto's time, it was the steam engine that posed the greatest challenge to the rhythms and routines of feudal life. The peasantry was swept into the cogs and wheels of this machinery and a new class of masters, the factory owners and the merchants usurped the landed gentry's control over society. Now, it is artificial intelligence and automation that loom as disruptive threats, promising to sweep away `all fixed, fast-frozen relations' . `Constantly revolutionising... instruments of production,' the manifesto proclaims, transform `the whole relations of society' , bringing about `constant revolutionising of production, uninterrupted disturbance of all social conditions, everlasting uncertainty and agitation' .
22739 focus on getting the most out of their high school classes.
22740 So [ the sales estimates are ] utterly unusual,
22741 The spurt in firearms sales in March 2020 was particularly notable for its handgun component: The ratio of handguns to long-guns sold now stands at a record 1.84, the highest ratio since the introduction of the NICS checks in late 1998.
22742 the cost will be at least four times as great.
22743 This is a public health crisis and that's what needs to be addressed first, before the situation normalises,
22744 is that it is not realistic to expect it to go away in two months, and that if it did, it could come back even more virulently again in the flu season next year.
22745 For some people, that would enable them not to work,
22746 follow a simple rule,
22747 scant fodder for Trump to exploit in a general election.
22748 The police don't police. The regulators don't regulate. But the one thing that I can do is to research.
22749 But our debt is on an unsustainable path and over time, we must address this fiscal challenge.
22750 He became the gold standard of greatness, the icon of industrial imagination,
22751 I believe it's dis-inflationary. I don't believe it's deflationary.
22752 In the economics profession, this type of careful and tedious work is often not rewarded -- but is the basis for good empirical work and truly understanding the world.
22753 Political scientists would feel totally free to ignore what economists were writing if what economists were writing today wasn't of interest to them,
22754 There is unemployment, there are parents who are unable to bring food to their children,
22755 But, Mr Speaker, even in the difficult global circumstances, Ghana is blessed
22756 African debt to China is $145bn or so, over $8bn of payments is required this year... So that needs to be looked at.
22757 what you did in December (raking in more revenue to exceed the target) was quiet clear that we can do greater things... I know you can do it
22758 Everything depends on how long it lasts, but if this goes on for a long time, it's certainly going to be the mother of all financial crises.
22759 I set a task that first entrepreneurs receive such loans as early as next week,
22760 all federal executive bodies to refrain from work trips or cancel them
22761 The president wants the Cabinet to spearhead economic growth and help create new jobs. Raising real incomes is a priority for the government.
22762 may result in near-zero interest rates at long maturities, bringing U.S experience closer to that seen in Europe and Japan.
22763 redistribute income and wealth from the rich to the poor.
22764 The bad news is that she leans heavily toward supply-side economics, which is deeply flawed on monetary policy,
22765 threatens the lives of people at home and abroad, including those of front line professionals.
22766 We are actually feeling pretty good about how things are getting back online, however the concern is the global economy and the looming health crisis here.
22767 Concerns of a mis-estimated Indian GDP are unsubstantiated by the data and are thus unfounded,
22768 Impact of critical measures to boost investment, particularly under the National Infrastructure Pipeline, present green shoots for growth in the second half of 2019-20 and 2020-21,
22769 It would be an agreement whose principles are established and we can see how it works as we go along, with Barnier taking out the necessary insurance against British dumping,
22770 It's too soon to know how cash flows will be deployed when the nation's corporations are once again generating revenues, profits and cash. Rehiring workers should be the top priority,
22771 People who are not in a way fully employed -- driving a little bit for Uber on the side. They might still be available to take a real job if one becomes available.
22772 So it was only a matter of time before people got together and do one for Rovers and it gave people an outlet to express their feelings on whatever aspect of the club they wanted.
22773 that idea of birthright and legacy and responsibility
22774 a flashy slice of Jewsploitation
22775 There are a few areas where this emergency is starting to lead to real progress, like on paid sick leave where they seem to be trying to cover not formal employees, but those who are counted rightly or wrongly as contractors or self-employed,
22776 We have all gotten used to debt and managing debt and all carry debt, so many forms of it.... Yes, we know a lot of how to manage debt, because the proportion is quite high.
22777 We're proud to support this project, which will benefit all participants including the thousands of people who attend meetings at Wodonga each year.
22778 there are some elements of this that are out of our hands
22779 Australia has one of the best pension systems in the world, yet Australian retirees are still showing high levels of worry that they will outlive their savings,
22780 By exploiting vulnerabilities in human psychology selectively bred by its pathogen ancestors, it has already shut down many of our schools, crashed our stock market, increased social conflict and xenophobia, reshuffled our migration patterns, and is working to contain us in homogenous spaces where it can keep spreading.
22781 Early on, I thought they competed,
22782 I welcome the MOU which reaffirms our commitment to work together for the benefit of the people we all serve,
22783 The entire night, we didn't execute as well, and free throws were a matter of execution,
22784 Europe is not Japan. Europe is not China,
22785 Fed action combined with the [ $2.2 trillion ] fiscal package will result in a flattening of the recession curve so we now need to carefully monitor the signs of a flattening of the virus curve,
22786 It would certainly have very significant negative implications
22787 If you ask me today who wins Iowa, I can't tell you. Who wins New Hampshire, I can't tell you -- and that's my job,
22788 Quite frankly, they don't like billionaires.
22789 is turning the company around: making it more safety focused and efficient, and keeping workers happy at the same time.
22790 With the discussions between Saudi Arabia and Russia that started, in essence, a price war, somewhat. And then, I don't think anyone planned for a global pandemic to come along and crash the entire global economy as well.
22791 That's going to be good for Chinese stocks at one point, but that stimulus always finds its way around the world. So oil prices end up coming back up, and you get another surge of growth.
22792 And I must say that the standard keeps getting better each year. All our winners deserve the accolades they have taken home today.
22793 My feeling is that five to seven years from now, it'll be as if the virus never happened.
22794 pathway to a possible solution
22795 the use of vouchers or some form of credit note for customer refunds in a way that does not materially erode consumer rights
22796 the worst transport minister in history
22797 I hope [ the elected candidtaes ] make a really successful government and bring about the change that is necessary.
22798 Some men are not as employable in the old sectors, and they're not doing a very good job of moving into the new sectors. This is certainly true about the college-educated population,
22799 Yes, you want an even playing field where you have a basketball team of six footers playing against one of four footers.
22800 [ Henry ] and I think if we had 30 minutes with Trump in the Oval Office, it would be a done deal,
22801 They want nearly ready major league talent at the level of a Gleyber Torres type or close and there is no chance a team is going to give them a package of those caliber of players.
22802 widespread political aversion to increasing public debt
22803 The people who came into this with a good financial position... they're gon na be fine.
22804 Americans need to know right now that the government has their backs,
22805 Executive privileges were abused to dictate the outcome of an election in collusion with the Electoral Commission of Malawi, the people of Malawi stood their ground and refused to be compromised by fraud, bribery and intimidation.
22806 Pandemics naturally thrive in large multicultural cities, where people live `cheek by jowl' and travel to and from other countries is a fact of international tourism and commerce,
22807 ... if they have changed the name of accused from Muslim in real life to a Hindu name. That is defamation.
22808 For sure, as we wait to read the finer detail, any large scale extra money will come at the price of accountability and control - this is probably inevitable and a good thing too.
22809 We've been living beyond our means for a long time -- it's just unfortunate that this reality check coincides with the restoration of devolution,
22810 just restarted his dance of death with America.
22811 Perhaps the most important issue is that women are working where jobs are growing. Health care added more jobs in 2019 than 2018, while jobs grow slowed substantially in mining, construction, transportation & warehousing, and construction,
22812 I think one of the challenges for men is we need to see more cultural images that reshape our notions of traditionally female jobs as actually being jobs that are more gender-neutral and more consistent with masculinity,
22813 They equally clearly have not led to a stronger U.S. manufacturing sector.
22814 [ W ] hat we need right now is a government-backed Strategic Toilet Paper Reserve
22815 1. It's stunning that the recovery has continued this long, this strong, and this robustly. 2. The rate of job growth today is pretty much the same as it has been for each of the past eight years.
22816 Because at some point, we can't not have an economy, right?
22817 The first thing is that you make sure that the central bank provides plenty of liquidity to banks so that banks can provide liquidity to their customers,
22818 You know we just ran the numbers... carefully over the weekend, and we think the second quarter is going to me minus 5%, and we think the jobs number in early April might me as much as minus a million or so, because... nobody's going to get hired next week.
22819 Households and businesses have seen their finances deteriorate. People are buying groceries on their credit cards.
22820 The project is complex, and we want to get it right,
22821 And to make sure that we give aid and relief to the employees and workers and the businesses that are bearing the brunt of that shutdown.
22822 Our stress test can give us insight into where capital should be needed,
22823 This would have preserved the option of a further cut in the funds rate, if needed, for a time when market functioning had improved and such an action could be expected to be most effective in supporting the economy as it emerges from the health crisis after the medical response has been put in place, new cases of the virus have begun to stabilize, social distancing has eased and life begins to return to some semblance of normal.
22824 These very important findings demonstrate that it is hazardous to generalize about the Orthodox community's political leanings,
22825 We can save about four to six weeks by not going to our board,
22826 At this difficult time the Supporters' Club are pleased to be able to make a further donation of  20,000 to the O's to help cashflow within the club,
22827 The reality is when (President Barack) Obama offered only tepid support to Iranian protesters in 2009, the regime still called them American agents and crushed them. If the Trump administration offers more enthusiastic support, the regime will call them American agents and attempt to crush them,
22828 There is no evidence of systemic quality improvements,
22829 There is plenty of evidence that acquired hospitals raise prices. The reorganization of our hospital landscape, is not, on average, helping consumers.
22830 We demand here and today that they, together with Chief Elections Officer and all key senior management, should immediately resign and vacate their offices. They deserve no single day, hour or minute in any public office in this land,
22831 Colby was a terrific team-mate with great character, admired and liked everywhere he played.
22832 Limited conventional monetary policy space means I continue to prefer to move now in order to ensure we achieve a sustainable return of inflation to target.
22833 The Singularity has happened; we call it `the industrial revolution' or `the long nineteenth century.' It was over by the close of 1918. Exponential yet basically unpredictable growth of technology, rendering long-term extrapolation impossible (even when attempted by geniuses) Check. Massive, profoundly dis-orienting transformation in the life of humanity, extending to our ecology, mentality and social organization? Check. Annihilation of the age-old constraints of space and time? Check.
22834 To save Indonesia, the President has to immediately declare an emergency war against the coronavirus. That is also the key to save the economy,
22835 I think anybody would want to do that. And probably in the next month or so, we're going to get together as an organization and just discuss things.
22836 I'd like to thank all of our team for their top-quality services and efforts in the joint fight against the impact of coronavirus,
22837 Prudent monetary guidance will not allow the central bank to finance a budget deficit directly because this leads to money creation and higher inflation, but this is not a normal time,
22838 Accommodative monetary policy continues,
22839 We have already seen a bigger jump in unemployment in the past three weeks than during the entire Great Recession, so there is good reason why optimism has fallen,
22840 I don't think the Government can assume that this will be the only industry or the only example of large firms that may need public money to support them through the difficult economic times ahead,
22841 I recommend that you wait for the moment when we announce the Government's Five Year Programme, which we are working on
22842 In what could be one of the biggest celebrity divorce settlements in British history,
22843 Relief is slow coming for bills due now, people are falling through government eligibility cracks, and too much of the relief is in the form of deferrals and loans, which just adds to the fear of coming out of this crisis with a mountain of debt that will be difficult or impossible to repay.
22844 I'd really like to have the next president be somebody that has actually read the constitution and respects the rule of law.
22845 We found that the zone of risk really is from the people seated in the row front of you, the people seated in the row behind you, and the people in your same row -- two seats on either side,
22846 A prolonged loss of trust in the ECB risks undermining the broad public support that is necessary for central-bank independence,
22847 good signs of stabilization.
22848 Our shared objective is to make the internet of things safe and trustworthy,
22849 So you can indulge yourselves with a study of what it would be like if there were no taxes-but the reality is unfortunately much harsher.
22850 The denial isn't the Supreme Court saying [ everyone else ] got it right. They're just saying this isn't the kind of case they take.
22851 They deserve hazardous duty pay. They deserve us to stand up and salute.... The idea that they don't have sick pay or that somehow their income is going to be cut is immoral.
22852 We want to make sure that the space has all the accommodations for the students,
22853 Goods and Services Tax (GST) is still work in progress. GST was supposed to be revenue-neutral. But the government has lost revenue post-GST implementation, which is not tenable,
22854 I am very pleased to add someone of Manju's caliber to our team as we accelerate our growth strategy.
22855 Once people get used to grocery deliveries, for example, I don't think they'll go back,
22856 The situation is unprecedented for families, so it will be interesting to see what contributes to our reactions and how we cope.
22857 Hang in there while you can.
22858 And it turns out with something like climate change, that's really difficult.
22859 I am pleased to assist Phunware during these challenging times, that not only creates risks, but also creates new opportunities to help our customers, which include many healthcare systems, better serve those who depend on them in these trying times,
22860 If the regulator has approved it, the federal cabinet has approved it, I mean, surely that should signal to people that that's an approval,
22861 Prime Minister Johnson warned that if the EC denies it the Canadian-like agreement, the UK will walk away from talks at the end of Q2. The EC negotiators have made it clear that such a deal with the UK would require regulatory alignment, which the UK cannot accept. This issue is to the trade talks that Ireland was to the divorce agreement, nearly impossible to resolve without transgressing redlines of one side or the other,
22862 Some people actually did want or need to buy new cars... but they couldn't because they didn't have enough cash -- and they couldn't get a loan or a lease agreement either, because the financing institutions that would normally make these agreements were also constrained in the crisis.
22863 We had a lucky escape yesterday, we may not be so lucky next time.
22864 What we really care about is stuff like people's movements, and how social distancing is working. And there's incredible data available now, if you know how to use it.
22865 We are very, very fortunate that we have not have not had any report of any injuries. In fact, we're blessed in that regard.
22866 We plan this out years in advance. We've been here over the past 14 months every month, just to get everything ready and we feel we are on track with what needs to happen,
22867 For a cyclical revival you have to look at the demand side and I don't think the actions taken so far will actually have the impact that is expected on the demand side
22868 inextricably tied up with the expression of aggression in the Irish culture... most importantly, overt and active and persistent aggression against the English
22869 It's proof that people can have different politics and still love each other at the end of the day,
22870 And it's clear that the faster and more united we are to stop the spread of the virus the better off we will all be.
22871 My one reservation is that if we're going to have free trade agreements [ with countries ] like the States, [ the Government ] has got to make it worthwhile insofar as if they want to export stuff to us,
22872 The fake message had been translated into several languages and appears to indicate that avoiding ice cream and other old foods can prevent the onset of the disease,
22873 Unfortunately it's just the start, highlighting that we're living through a generation-defining moment,
22874 We don't see each other, other than (the concerts),
22875 Wealth taxes often failed in Europe. They wouldn't here,
22876 If you aggregate all of those incentives, in both directions, it's about $-5 per ton,
22877 attempting to cut a mugumo tree using a razor
22878 The test would be cheap or free at doctors office or clinic.
22879 I'm delighted that Dr. Brinkmann will be joining us to lead the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences,
22880 The goal we are working toward is to see this kind of improvement in August, but you can't retain students in the fall if you don't retain them in the spring, so this is exciting news.
22881 improve everything without changing anything.
22882 The sector will be in deep recession for the foreseeable future,
22883 The US could have followed the lead of several major European countries and offered job retention programmes, paying most of people's salaries, but preferred instead to increase and extend unemployment benefits. The result will be even greater dislocation for both people and businesses, some of which could have been avoided, and probably at a relatively small incremental cost,
22884 We wouldn't be at all surprised to see new cycle highs over the next couple of months,
22885 They have to be watched very closely. They are much more important than the prices of TVs and T-shirts,
22886 They'd have to be willing to reverse a rate cut, though, when the virus crisis ends,
22887 We now guesstimate that second quarter GDP will drop at a 10-percent annualized rate, after a 2-percent fall in Q1,
22888 December payrolls rose 145K, a bit below the consensus, 160K. The net revision was a modest -14 K. Unemployment was unchanged at 3.5%, as expected, but hourly earnings rose only 0.1%, below the 0.3% consensus,
22889 They can improve things in their annual reports for 2019,
22890 We are now aiming to re-open by winter 2020 -- provided that we don't discover any further unexpected issues.
22891 what I would recommend is re-thinking the social safety net and having it less tightly coupled with the kind of job you're doing,
22892 And if the businesses have declared bankruptcy, they won't be there for them to spend their money at.
22893 196 million people have been urged to stay home. Not all employers can keep paying them,
22894 Canadians are slowly looking at options. I think the four per cent is indicative of the fact that people are starting to process the idea that maybe there are other ways to buy food, and not just showing up physically at a store.
22895 I love to do community talks, because I'm talking with real people,
22896 If you don't think about food security very seriously, the entire agri-foods system in Canada becomes highly vulnerable.
22897 `How do we download an app, and how do you use an app to order food, and what about e-commerce?' And `How comfortable am I to allow someone I don't know to pick and choose the food that I'm going to buy?' There are all of these things that are probably going to be processed in consumers' minds over the next little while,
22898 Pre-COVID, grocers never felt compelled to stock up on yeast because people didn't bake [ as much ],
22899 What we're seeing now is part of an evolution in the consumer psyche. You'll see panic-buying, but it'll calm down a bit as people rationalize.
22900 Because of this situation we are expecting prices not to drop anytime soon.
22901 Congress must quickly design a more forceful response to the crisis.
22902 Cutting production, 1.5-million barrels a day in April or May, is not really going to save you in the current environment,
22903 I wish in hindsight I'd just screamed or kicked him in the nuts, but I was so frozen. I was panicking inside.
22904 Everyone in the world wants those same reagents, and the suppliers can only supply a certain amount,
22905 reached down and grabbed... the right hand side of my buttocks quite forcibly with his full hand
22906 the speed at which they have moved
22907 All people should feel safe, valued and equal in society and their workplace and it is imperative to ensure robust complaint structures are in place.
22908 It was our hope, as individuals, that through coming forward at this time, we could achieve justice and enact change.
22909 It is just common sense that the individuals running for the highest office in our land should be required to address any ethical issues before they take the oath of office,
22910 I spent a fair amount of time there in his last couple of months -- lovely, wonderful people, but they're not America in its entirety.
22911 We thank our witnesses for joining us today and look forward to your testimony.
22912 We are free to disagree, and I'm sure there will be many instances in the future where we will disagree. But we have an obligation to do our job. After all, the Constitution provides Congress with the sole power to declare war. When it comes to these most serious matters of life and death, we have an obligation to have a thoughtful, measured debate and to stand up and take a vote. We cannot be afraid to tell the people we represent where we stand on matters this important.
22913 However, through strategic international sanctions and diplomacy, the Obama administration and our allies were able to successfully negotiate a deal that kept Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. In the country's parliamentary elections a year later, we saw moderate candidates make strong gains; the following year, moderates and reformists swept municipal elections across the country.
22914 Those moderate voices have not disappeared,
22915 Today, those of us on the Environment and Public Works Committee are considering the new North American Free Trade Agreement treaty. If we view the treaty solely as a vehicle to address climate change, then we didn't get nearly enough in the agreement -- far from it.
22916 It will be the new budget and the new Charter, but the Charter will be the key issue. We are convening the extraordinary General Assembly meeting for the approval of the new Charter,
22917 It's in part just this larger onus we have in telling this story about respecting the survivors and respecting the victims of the Holocaust, and ensuring that their stories are told with the utmost respect and authenticity. Namely in the face of so much Holocaust denial these days.
22918 As a young kid, five, six years old hearing those stories they felt like the stuff of comic books and superheroes. And as I got older I struggled with that feeling of birthright. What was my responsibility now to continue her story?
22919 They really did feel like the stuff of comic books and superheroes at the time,
22920 So this show is really a question. It's: `What do you do? '
22921 I think he just didn't understand it,
22922 Years ago I visited Auschwitz and I saw the gates my grandmother was forced to enter decades earlier and the barracks she was forced to live in as a prisoner,
22923 This is a piece about wish fulfillment and wondering, `What if there was this band of secret Nazi hunters who were eliminating these people?
22924 Much of the industry's inventory will have been depleted, so that we anticipate that weapons and ammunition prices increased as well,
22925 Tesla's stock has been completely decoupled from any iota of reality since the $300s in December. It's difficult to assign a specific rational cause to the deflation of a bubble, as it wasn't rationality that inflated it in the first place -- it was mania.
22926 that enriched bankers and destroyed workers by giving bankers free reign to borrow and speculate without oversight or accountability,
22927 I predict -- and this is not only the ultimate use case but the ultimate irony -- that once people realize that they cannot get gold, they'll start flocking en masse into Bitcoin.
22928 The good news... is that Bitcoin at $10,000 or $9,300 is equally as attractive as it was when it was $100,
22929 the greatest honor and joy
22930 The hope is for price appreciation to slow in line with wage growth, which is about three percent.
22931 Home sales are just moving sideways, not really breaking out higher even though the economic backdrop is very favorable,
22932 Housing, just like most other industries, suffered from the Coronavirus crisis, but once this predicament is behind us and the habit of social distancing is respected, I'm encouraged there will be continued home transactions though with more virtual tours, electronic signatures, and external home appraisals,
22933 The Western region has seen home prices increase to the point that costs have outpaced income,
22934 The temporary softening of the real estate market will likely be followed by a strong rebound, once the quarantine is lifted,
22935 Low inventory remains a problem, with first-time buyers affected the most.
22936 It will reach a choking point,
22937 By year end, maybe no meaningful change to median home price for the country as a whole,
22938 We believe that the excess capacity is not uniformly distributed, but is concentrated on the Prairies and in Newfoundland and Labrador. Our estimate of the output gap is based on a partially updated estimate of the economy's potential. We will have a more fulsome update in April. At the same time, household financial vulnerabilities remain elevated, although we will be analyzing the positive implications of a higher household savings rate for those vulnerabilities.
22939 We actually do have the best banking system in the world and it is, indeed, vastly strengthened compared to 12 years ago because of new global standards,
22940 This will be similar to the public consultations that led to the selection of Viola Desmond for the $10 note,
22941 If it's behavioral, it doesn't usually end just instantly,
22942 support the liquidity needs of their clients,
22943 The main fundamental that has changed since our last decision is that oil prices have continued to move lower and are showing signs of persisting.
22944 Obviously, it is open,
22945 afraid we will see bankruptcies
22946 would provide a little bit of support to consumer spending and to the US economy and to financial markets,
22947 Countries in East Asia and the Pacific that were already coping with international trade tensions and the repercussions of the spread of COVID-19 in China are now faced with a global shock,
22948 I had no time to react whatsoever.
22949 I sincerely hope this is being properly managed,
22950 Government adopting double standards by allowing foreign envoys to visit J&K, but not Indian politicians,
22951 Our own political leaders, parliamentarians are not allowed to visit Jammu and Kashmir,
22952 I would like to see both business and government use the opportunity to make investments. Australian governments and business can borrow at the lowest rates of since Australia became a federation.
22953 The result has been major disruptions to economic activity across the world. This is likely to remain the case for some time yet as efforts continue to contain the virus.
22954 When we do get to that other side, all those fundamentals that have made Australia such a successful and prosperous country will still be there. We need to remember that.
22955 It could be the case that Johnson is posturing now to put this on the table so that he has something to give up for something in return. As a trade negotiator, there's a logic to that.
22956 something economically meaningful on the fiscal side, from where the real defence must come.
22957 The heart of this problem is not economic as in 2008 but a breakdown in public health,
22958 The current closure is taking place during the quarter in which we typically see strong attendance and occupancy levels due to the timing of the Chinese New Year holiday. The precise magnitude of the financial impact is highly dependent on the duration of the closures and how quickly we can resume normal operations.
22959 The Italian government feels that Italy is really in a fragile situation,
22960 Today's oil crisis is a systematic shock that threatens global economic and financial stability. It requires a global answer. That is why the G20 can be an indispensable forum for decisive leadership when it is urgently required,
22961 In some of these countries, it will be almost impossible to finance essential areas like health or education. It could challenge the stability of these countries where oil is the nerve-centre.
22962 A weekly close below $55.00 a barrel on Brent crude will have the alarm bells ringing amongst the Opec + grouping,
22963 The pressures on companies are changing. They need to show that they can deliver not just the energy that economies rely on, but also the emissions reductions that the world needs to help tackle our climate challenge,
22964 Non-Opec production is very strong. We still expect production coming from, not just the United States, but also Norway, Canada, Guyana, among other countries,
22965 Non-OPEC production is very strong. We still expect production coming from, not just United States, but also Norway, Canada, Guyana, among other countries,
22966 Refining and retail industry risks losing 50 million jobs worldwide.
22967 We did not see a major increase mainly because there is an abundance of oil production around the world coming from the US, Brazil, Canada, Norway and Guyana. There is a huge amount of oil,
22968 We now need to work hard to make sure that 2019 is remembered as a definitive peak in global emissions, not just another pause in growth.... This welcome halt in emissions growth is grounds for optimism that we can tackle the climate challenge this decade. It is evidence that clean energy transitions are underway -- and it's also a signal that we have the opportunity to meaningfully move the needle on emissions through more ambitious policies and investments.
22969 one of the pillars of the global economy,
22970 Governments can use the current situation to step up their climate ambitions and launch sustainable stimulus packages focused on clean energy technologies. The coronavirus crisis is already doing significant damage around the world,
22971 But, I emphasize, it's not just Canadian oil and gas companies. This is a global industry.
22972 It speaks largely to the energy security of the nation,
22973 For all intents and purposes, they're retired.
22974 I like very much the idea of getting a (jobs) safeguard in place right away because, like most people, I worry about what happens when the next downturn comes,
22975 I think it's to a certain extent unfortunate that we're not televised, because I think most would be pleased with what they saw,
22976 identify malicious browser behaviour.
22977 They're a Chinese company, if people are concerned about data I think there's a lot to be concerned about there,
22978 We want to do our part too. Small businesses are the heartbeat of our communities, and many of the people who run these businesses are heavily affected by the crisis -- especially as more and more people are sensibly staying home,
22979 I wrote in @leaninorg that in an equal world, women would run half our countries and companies and men would run half our homes,
22980 They hired a company called TSD run by one of her former friends in the treasury and even though Facebook has hundreds of [ public relations ] people they pay this company, someone told me, $30,000 a month mainly to do Cheryl's communications,
22981 Paula held up the frayed gray sweater Dave wore most often and I broke down completely. I turned to her and said, `I can't believe you are going through this again. How are you okay? How can you possibly be okay?
22982 It's the nature of these roles, public roles, that you will be criticised,
22983 We will release the findings of the report and management response,
22984 resembles that of someone who's had a `bracing martini '
22985 I am delighted that the work of arguably the single most influential British artist of all time will now appear on another two billion works of art -- the new  20 notes that people can start using today.
22986 In general, the experience has been with pandemics that they can have quite significant impacts but much of it is recovered in subsequent quarters.
22987 We aren't expecting a rate cut this week,
22988 These issues have moved very swiftly from being corporate social responsibility issues, or more niche issues within finance, to fundamental value drivers,
22989 People are leaving public schools because they're dissatisfied with the services they're providing and they want better schools.
22990 Sir Lucian has built the # 1 music company in the world with an unprecedented streak of artist development,
22991 We never operate in isolation. As a multilateral bank with a European heart, we coordinate our work at all levels to ensure maximum impact.
22992 We were trying lots of different ways of reaching people, lots of different messages you could give people, but to try to test what would be most effective,
22993 There are people who are not actively looking for work but are on the margins and are available to be pulled back in,
22994 Google's concededly `competing' product harmed Java SE in actual and potential markets
22995 have him arrested, detained and hurriedly arraigned before the court on nonexistent and or frivolous charges in order to embarrass and humiliate him thereby lowering his standing in society.
22996 History is full of fake titles, and sometimes you may be able to do things even without one. It certainly means that there is a clear problem within the government: people don't trust one another, the coalition is dived
22997 socialist United States and a socialist world,
22998 I cannot wrap my head around how out of touch this sort of bureaucratic presentation is,
22999 stay at home and cut back on discretionary spending for eating, recreation and travel,
23000 That would essentially mean they have given in to Russia and lost face.
23001 The fact that the Government recognises the need to revise the NWP shows the significance it attaches to reforms in the water sector, which are both long overdue and also critical to the lives and livelihoods of India's people but also to the very integrity of India's growth process,
23002 Clenching your teeth at night while you sleep can result in some serious consequences. This includes sleeping disorders, chronic jaw pain, broken or loose teeth, and severe headaches,
23003 They just sat in a hotel room and played on Twitter and YouTube all day,
23004 I could go, like, on Facebook and let everybody know his phone number,
23005 When I first spoke to this guy, he said, `I can do this, I can do this, I have these bots,
23006 We have reassessed the prospect for growth for 2020 and 2021. It is now clear that we have entered a recession -- as bad as or worse than in 2009,
23007 for the overall financial needs of emerging markets is $2.5 trillion.
23008 Today's agreement by the IMF Executive Board that Somalia can be eligible for debt relief under the Enhanced HIPC Initiative marks a historic moment. It provides a clear recognition of Somalia's sustained commitment to key economic and financial reforms under consecutive staff-monitored programs with the IMF. Helping Somalia achieve debt relief and unlock access to the needed resources to increase growth and reduce poverty is a key priority for the IMF. I am very grateful to our members for all their support in this endeavor.
23009 Global growth was poised for a modest rebound to 3.3 per cent this year, up from 2.9 per cent last year,
23010 particularly concerned about low-income countries in debt distress -- an issue on which we are working closely with the World Bank.
23011 What we are seeing now is we have some reduction of this uncertainty, but it is not eliminated,
23012 We are looking at doing what we can to be helpful to Argentina,
23013 In the end, our answers to this crisis will not come from one method, one region, or one country in isolation. Only through sharing, coordination, and cooperation will we be able to stabilise the global economy and return it to full health
23014 This is, in my lifetime, humanity's darkest hour -- a big threat to the whole world -- and it requires from us to stand tall, be united, and protect the most vulnerable of our fellow citizens,
23015 In terms of scenarios, the more most likely scenario we now view is a V shaped impact. In other words, sharp decline in economic activities in China, followed by a rapid recovery and a total impact on China relatively contained. Therefore, impact on the world economy also contained,
23016 We will massively step up emergency finance -- nearly 80 countries are requesting our help -- and we are working closely with the other international financial institutions to provide a strong coordinated response. We are replenishing the Catastrophe Containment and Relief Trust to help the poorest countries. We welcome the pledges already made and call on others to join. We stand ready to deploy all our US$ 1 trillion lending capacity and we are looking at other available options,
23017 I advise everybody not to jump to premature conclusions. There is still a great deal of uncertainty. We operate with scenarios, not yet with projection
23018 I would like to extend a warm welcome to him as he joins the Fund team and I look forward to our working closely together. The IMF is putting all hands on deck to help our membership address this crisis -- and Geoffrey will play a key role in our efforts,
23019 As a result, the impact on the world economy would be relatively minor and short-lived,
23020 Covid-19 has disrupted our social and economic order at lightning speed and on a scale that we have not seen in living memory. The virus is causing tragic loss of life, and the lockdown needed to fight it has affected billions of people.
23021 I commended the efforts thus far, under the leadership of... Fernandez, to put in place a set of policies to stabilize the economy and to reduce poverty.
23022 Africa is actually a high priority for the IMF and the World Bank in terms of deploying our capacity,
23023 COVID-19 is a stark reminder of our interconnections and the need to work together,
23024 in need of a significant upgrade.
23025 They call for an additional policy response to support demand and ensure an adequate supply of credit,
23026 at lightning speed and on a scale that we have not seen in living memory.
23027 Emerging markets and low-income nations -- across Africa, Latin America, and much of Asia -- are at high risk. With weaker health systems to begin with, many face the dreadful challenge of fighting the virus in densely populated cities and poverty-stricken slums -- where social distancing is hardly an option.
23028 A mandate would fall disproportionately on businesses in the leisure and hospitality industry that have thin margins and are being slammed by the current crisis,
23029 This should be a commonsense, bipartisan idea... I hope it becomes law by the end of the week.
23030 Even at the peak of the great recession, we had 10% of labor force unemployed.
23031 A lot of sectors are being hit, especially the services sector. A lot of income and spending is being reduced,
23032 What markets and economic actors need to know is that the government is prepared to act when it needs to.
23033 If (federal) debt stabilizes at 100 percent of GDP, there is almost no conviction anymore that's a problem.
23034 Unfortunately, the problem may be larger and faster.
23035 In the future, this shortage will be overcome,
23036 Is Happiness U-shaped Everywhere?
23037 This giant shock - the financial crisis,
23038 Really ready for that happiness curve to start working its magic in the other direction,
23039 Many of our families, particularly those with medical backgrounds, have expressed concern about this approach and a significant number vehemently disagree.
23040 The sacrifices of the Somali people under the leadership of the Federal Government of Somalia during the implementation of difficult and wide-ranging reforms has been recognized by the wider international community.
23041 Don't get scared of Brexit. You can exit and look the other way and Africa will be there.
23042 The African Development Bank has a very high reputation for good governance
23043 We invite professionals and other stakeholders, the media and all observers working in Africa to join us. Because road and transport precede development,
23044 I do not invest in coal. Coal is the past, it's not the future,
23045 A re-engineered food system would generate new jobs across the whole food system, from agricultural food production through to food processing and retail,
23046 The Treasury is now clearly on a pro-growth trajectory,
23047 a squeeze in global markets which is going to send oil prices higher
23048 They are copying our manifesto to abolish the quota system,
23049 Avoid the tradition handshake greetings as way of preventing the pandemic, instead go for knee high or elbow to elbow greetings,
23050 thousands, and soon hundreds of thousands, and then millions of lives and destroy the economy.
23051 Beginning in late January, I was getting increasingly bearish and I woke up with a nightmare,
23052 We have committed to double our corporate sourcing for women-owned firms by 2023,
23053 It's possible, if it's triggered... that money would flow in, let's say in the second quarter of this year and could be used and would be additional to the $12 billion dollars that I was announcing today,
23054 To end extreme poverty and break the cycle of fragility, conflict and violence, countries need to ensure access to basic services, transparent and accountable government institutions, and economic and social inclusion of the most marginalized communities,
23055 Support operations are already underway, and the expanded funding tools approved today will help sustain economies, companies and jobs.
23056 The first goal of the World Bank Group is to provide prompt support during the crisis, based on a country's needs. It's also vital to shorten the time to recovery and create confidence that the recovery can be strong,
23057 We are grateful for their continued trust in IDA and its ability to deliver good development outcomes for people most in need.
23058 Yes, that's why there's a line in the sand,
23059 2020-2030: A Decade to Deliver a Transformed and Prosperous Africa through the 2030 Agenda and Agenda 2063, which will identify and define concrete opportunities and actions and towards leaving no one behind,
23060 policies to keep businesses open in order to maintain jobs.
23061 accurately quantify the number of COVID-19 cases due to limited testing capacity.
23062 After this event, I will be going to Batangas, to Bauan to inspect, and talk to the teachers, evacuees, and the learners on their situation,
23063 We trust the schools, we trust the parents and their capacity to assess if they can strictly implement the DOH requirements,
23064 There has been no communication coming from WHO with regard to advisory that is related to that.
23065 Good news ito. Hinihintay pa namin ang resulta sa pamilya ko,
23066 How can you sweep the issue of the escape of Ehsanullah Ehsan under the carpet?
23067 if everyone worked like the Chinese, it would end very quickly,
23068 That is the project that needs to happen to move our inter-city buses and create a new transit hub at Allandale, and then we can go ahead with converting the terminal building into a market.
23069 In fact, it's a social enterprise,
23070 Barrie has been growing its job base, growing its economy faster than just about anyone in the province,
23071 The brain is closely linked to the health of our heart and blood supply. In this well-conducted study, many of the dementia cases were linked to heart disease and poor brain blood supply,
23072 The Economic Case for LGBT Equality
23073 The magnitude of mis-estimation in the incorrectly specified model is anywhere between +4% to -4.6%, including UK by +1.6%, Germany by +1%, Singapore by -2.3%, South Africa by -1.2% and Belgium by -1.3%.
23074 We need to start focusing on a war footing on harvest, the mandis, MSPs (minimum support prices)... start preparation for dealing with more cases of hospitalisations, improve capacity to deal with this should things get worse,
23075 We are going to experience a sharp collapse in output for one month. We have to spend 2 per cent on medical side which is slightly underestimated... For one month output loss even if we make up one third of output loss by social cushioning or propping up financial system, still it would be 3 per cent of GDP. So the number we came up with is Rs 10 lakh crore (Centre and states combined) or 5 per cent of the GDP,
23076 The scale of mounting debt was first quantified and highlighted by the outstanding work of Ashish Gupta at Credit Suisse,
23077 This new trading reality is part of why we had our most profitable week in the firm's 11-year history and our most profitable year to date.
23078 We are pleased to be able to make this change to provide better support and allow for shared resources and facilitate collaboration.
23079 Why Bitcoin Is The Mother Of All Scams.
23080 Despite this week's big sell-off in equity markets, the worst is yet to come,
23081 this coronavirus outbreak is mostly a negative supply shock that reduces growth and increases costs and inflation, with some side effects for aggregate demand.
23082 You could even argue that it is a blessing in disguise if it has the effect of slowing the spread in the United States,
23083 Anything that slows the spread of the virus is by far the best thing to restore the economy,
23084 He was in the wrong place at the wrong time. I'm not just grieving for my son, I'm grieving for Cameron too. He done so much for us when I lost my wife.
23085 It is critical that we give drivers as well as operators of commercial vehicles peace of mind in relation to the status of their licence, learner permit, NCT certificate or certificate of roadworthiness, especially if it has expired or is likely to expire during the period of the Covid-19 health crisis.
23086 And, finally, if we do get substantial progress we will hopefully have another meeting with all of the stakeholders together.
23087 We have to do everything we can to ensure [ coronavirus ] doesn't come here and spread to here.
23088 What we are doing is increasing the funding which we already give from  2.9 m to  5.8 m. That is actually bringing forward something which we were going to do already over a period of time.
23089 It will be a rip-roaring market,
23090 I believe the market will continue to sell off.
23091 It's not like you'll hold two conferences in the fall if the one this spring is canceled.
23092 It will be a tailwind
23093 Covid-19 is battering the global economy in numerous ways. Chinese business travel and tourism has all but stopped; global airlines are not going to China and cruise lines are cancelling most Asia-Pacific itineraries. This is a huge problem for major travel destinations, including the US, where some three million Chinese tourists visit each year,
23094 My investment philosophy, generally, is to buy something when no one wants it.
23095 That is absolutely in the realm of possibility,
23096 Given the extraordinary upending of the labor market we've already experienced and the fact that the situation is still deteriorating,
23097 things began to change. Wage growth in states that increased minimum wages began to accelerate.
23098 The way that the Buchan community rallied during the fires, and has continued to do so since, has been inspirational.
23099 there could be members of terrorist groups.
23100 We will establish the Organization for Peace and Cooperation in the Middle East,
23101 Yes, support does go up and down between different Allies. For example, in the UK it is up but down a bit in the US. But this illustrates that we are 29 democracies with different views and opinions. The overall message from the poll and others is that there is continued strong commitment and support for NATO.
23102 The issue that we are looking into is not whether we can launch new combat operations. The issue is whether we can do something that prevents us from being forced into new combat. Prevention is better than intervention.
23103 find a way for two major countries with different social systems to live in harmony and interact in peace.
23104 I think it's obvious one of the lessons we all have to learn is... about the importance of resilience and we have to look into issues like the supplies of medical equipment, protective suits, medicines and all that kind of stuff. And also ask questions on whether we are too dependent on production coming from outside, whether we should be producing some of this equipment in our own countries...
23105 That's exactly why we need a thorough investigation, to establish all the facts and that's exactly why we have to have full cooperation from the Iranian side in such an investigation,
23106 NATO is in Iraq on the invitation of the Iraqi government. And we will only stay in Iraq as long as we are welcome,
23107 The Black Sea is of strategic importance for NATO and NATO has a presence in the Black Sea. We have Allies like Bulgaria, Romania, and of course Turkey; and we have partners like Ukraine and Georgia. And we have increased our presence in the Black Sea region with more air policing, with presence at sea and on land, and we also, of course, work closely with Ukraine, to address the security challenges they face, because Russia has illegally annexed Crimea,
23108 The government of Iraq has confirmed to us their desire for a continuation of the NATO training, advising and capacity building activities for the Iraqi armed forces,
23109 due to companies' more pessimistic outlook for the coming months
23110 I'd lived through enough to know that appearances aren't everything.
23111 some penis-shaped chocolates and a bottle of valium.
23112 The drop in oil prices is exacerbated by the coronavirus outbreak,
23113 the outpacing measures will help smooth over the peak of the disease and hospitals, doctors and the entire health care system will be able to cope with the increased load.
23114 But if destiny chooses a different path for me, I would work in innovations, with new technologies, in the same field as I have always worked: transformation, related to the digital economy,
23115 Obviously better nutrition and living conditions is a good thing. But what young people want are better opportunities, and these are not forthcoming. That is why so many of them want to emigrate. So it's all very well to invest in `human capital' , but that needs to go hand-in-hand with real economic growth. And that is what is still missing.
23116 Due to macroeconomic stability and budget surplus, we have sufficient funds to implement all goals set by the president starting in January of this year,
23117 I am convinced that by doing so we will be able to ensure the most effective work and to bring the solutions many regions have to the federal level,
23118 Treasury has also concurred to the unfreezing of over 4 000 health sector posts and creation of an additional 200 medical posts with a view of scaling the response to the COVID-19 pandemic,
23119 In this regard, a Currency Stabilisation Taskforce has been set up.
23120 We [ Russians ] have a big enough safety margin to finance our obligations.... The current prices in the oil market suggest our reserves could be enough for six years,
23121 Well, we have to look at everything because we're not winning,
23122 He's a special player who improved his game every year and represented the Pistons well both on the court and in the community. Though our paths are diverging for the moment, Andre will always hold a special place here with me, and in the City of Detroit.
23123 exceptional policy and management expertise
23124 If all the companies go bust, the banks go bust.
23125 If the government had sent a representative, be it the finance minister or second finance minister, would it have been more effective in getting back the money?
23126 It doesn't give you a lot of confidence that this was carefully thought out,
23127 It turned out that what the federal government did was not very relevant -- the government can't force you to take risks you don't want to take,
23128 One might guess it will go down, but not go away, in summer months,
23129 Surveillance and containment can only work so well,
23130 generally, we're looking at an order of magnitude
23131 Unless the transmissibility changes, surveillance and containment can only work so well,
23132 The ingredients required to perform the tests are in shortage and so really hospitals and health departments are left to make some difficult decisions.
23133 The knowledge we develop and use in our occupations is built upon all the specialized learning investments we've made our entire lives,
23134 How effective do you think it will be in terms of helping adults to upskill or retrain -- are we ready to go?
23135 I think, alas, devolution does not help. It simply adds another layer of bureaucracy and arguing about who gets what
23136 The trouble with having something that is specialised and specific and that goes through employers is that it is going to be another pot. It is going to have its own regulations. It will work fine if you have a large employer with a trade union that can see what is coming along the road. However, I cannot see how it can actually enable the population as a whole to access the flexible opportunities it needs.
23137 In addition to launching T$ 200 billion in financing, I have personally written to and called up the banks one by one, hoping that they can help,
23138 long-term prospects of tourism,
23139 We welcome the decisions by many businesses who are already offering refunds to all ticketholders, and expect other event and travel businesses to also offer remedies to all affected consumers when events or travel services are cancelled.
23140 We're doing all we can to encourage companies to work together to get through this, and therefore putting in place quick authorisations, helping them draft them, just doing what we can to keep the authority flowing.
23141 We have authorised the measures by the petroleum industry to enable the companies to ensure the security of the fuel supply for Australian businesses and consumers, especially for when economic activity can increase again,
23142 Post this crisis we will get the competition our financial sector needs.
23143 You were in fact tricked into thinking you're getting a big discount when you're not.
23144 It's a really tricky problem to solve
23145 We have taken considerable, recent enforcement action in relation to electricity and telecommunications, and it appears this will continue,
23146 should not be interpreted as a signal that the ACCC will ultimately accept the undertaking and clear the transaction
23147 has played a central role
23148 it takes months to get the data that would be relevant to a call like that.
23149 it's better to look fat than sick.
23150 Roughly one-quarter of independent contractors age 50 and older work for a former employer,
23151 While it is unfortunate that I was unable to go in person to the Directorate of Enforcement (ED), our senior authorised representative did attend in person with the requisite information. Needless to say, if in the future any assistance or support to the investigation is requested from us, we will cooperate fully
23152 Media reports suggest that Sanjay Nathalal Shah, chartered accountant (CA) and an independent director of a few of our group companies, is alleged to be connected to Capstone (Forex Pvt Ltd). Let me reiterate that he has no other association with the Edelweiss group, nor is he in any way related to me; you will appreciate that Shah is a common name.
23153 you don't want a mass panic to spook financial markets
23154 Wuhan is the Chicago of China,
23155 view of the Australian government and border authorities is the fear of coronavirus is almost more important than coronavirus itself
23156 a powerful message of popular unity and humanitarianism
23157 the woman who took it upon herself to fight for the dignity of Greeks, who transformed herself from a mother to a political person and who unites everyone without giving way,
23158 Retaining extra employees in employment has potential benefits for both the employee and an employer. Employees who are laid off experience a variety of costs that do not occur-or are smaller than-when they are retained at reduced hours - including loss of income; loss of firm-specific human capital and skill atrophy; negative psychological effects; and the need to undertake search activity to find a new job.
23159 swoop on the anti-CAA demonstrators at 2 am in Shaheen Bagh and park them in an open secure maidan in makeshift camp tents till they are ready to go home
23160 This is an anti-national protest. The CAA is a commitment that we have to fulfil,
23161 India -- an Economic Superpower by 2030
23162 This was a commitment we had made over several years, over several governments. We have completed the job. We know where the Muslim population is large. There's always trouble. Because Islamic ideology says so,
23163 Subramanian Swamy urges PM Narendra Modi to immediately declare Rama Setu as National Heritage Monument https://pgurus.com/subramanian-swamy-urges-pm-narendra-modi-to-immediately-declare-rama-setu-as-national-heritage-monument.
23164 If Muslims become more than 30 percent in a particular country, that country is in danger.
23165 True reform is continuous and happens over long stretches of time.
23166 With that in mind, the bank expects GDP in 2020 to contract by 6.1%.
23167 Additionally, COVID-19 and existing constraints such as load-shedding (by power utility Eskom) imply significant downside risk to the growth outlook,
23168 Both the supply and demand effects of this extension reduce growth and deepen it in the short-term, as businesses stay shut for longer and households with income spend less.
23169 In addition to continued easing of interest rates, the Bank has taken steps to ensure adequate liquidity in money and government bond markets, and to ease capital requirements to free capital for onlending by financial institutions,
23170 World Bank World Development Report 2020: Trading for Development in the Age of Global Value Chains
23171 At this moment the key point is to preserve capital,
23172 I had never really done a historical project before,
23173 This paper is not trying to argue that the [ Dutch ] colonial enterprise was a net good for the people of the time,
23174 I've been going there for about 45 years and it's almost scary to see what's happened down there,
23175 Liaison and Diversion is an all-age all vulnerability service funded by NHS England, who with the support of all agencies are seeking to tackle the cycle of re-offending across the country. Coventry and Warwickshire Partnership Trust are proud to be part of this and be working in partnership with Warwickshire Police.
23176 SMEs are the backbone of food systems in Africa on which almost all consumers depend, but they are starved of access to technical support and finance. GAIN is proud to partner with Incofin IM for this new facility to show how to make locally produced, nutritious food more available and affordable, which is fundamental to achieving sustainable and healthy food systems for Africa's growing population,
23177 The idea is a very old one: before I can decide how happy I am, I have to look over my shoulder, consciously or subconsciously, and see how other people are doing.
23178 The safety and protection of touring crew, fans, and everyone else around the world is an immediate priority...
23179 Isolation makes you do weird shit...
23180 The satellite group was tasked with digitizing the entire Russian surface in one year,
23181 About 10 years ago, there was an enormous financial crisis, the biggest one since the 1930s. And this led to a global recession. In some ways, we still haven't recovered from it. I think stopping financial crises is as much a political problem as it is a technical problem,
23182 I think the fact that we are becoming more national in our orientation, rather than international, is a worrying trend,
23183 Even if you as an individual and some company dump the same amount of stuff into the water,
23184 prevention is almost always much more effective, and cost effective, than treatment,
23185 If this were to result in, say, a one-or two-quarter slowdown in growth, that's probably not something that changes the big picture,
23186 I think we have the tools to keep the US economy out of deflation and to support the economy through this challenging period,
23187 over the course of 2019, the FOMC shifted the stance of U.S. monetary policy to offset some significant global growth headwinds and global disinflationary pressures.
23188 Protector revolutionizes the long-endurance RPA market by providing true all-weather capability, and NATO-standard Type-Certification to enable flexible operations in civil airspace,
23189 The coronavirus will probably cause a substantial amount of economic damage in Japan,
23190 this health crisis will have a significant economic fallout
23191 A pandemic scenario had been raised as a possibility in previous economic policy discussions, but none of us had a meaningful sense of what it would look like on the ground and what it would mean for the economy. We now encounter a grim reality, where exponential growth of contagion means 100 infected individuals become 10,000 in a matter of a few days. Tragically, many human lives are being lost and the virus continues to spread rapidly across the globe. We owe a huge debt of gratitude to the medical professionals and first responders who are working tirelessly to save lives,
23192 provides the best stability and safety.
23193 A rare disaster, a coronavirus pandemic, has resulted in a tragically large number of human lives being lost. As countries implement necessary quarantines and social distancing practices to contain the pandemic, the,
23194 But it is very important that this does not become a feature, where we reverse all the gains that we've gotten from globalisation,
23195 This morning while I was on my local beach some Bicheno residents raised concerns about me being in their (and my) local town,
23196 When even elite universities become literal battlegrounds, accusations that the government is attempting to suppress dissent -- even if by apathy rather than design-gain substantial credibility.
23197 There is much to do. The government should call on people with proven expertise and capabilities, of whom there are so many in India, to help it manage its response. It may even want to reach across the political aisle to draw in members of the opposition who have had experience in previous times of great stress like the global financial crisis,
23198 6  C is the difference between Melbourne and Perth,
23199 I anticipate that growth and inflation could rebound this year, compared with last year,
23200 I think the U.S. we're going to have a very terrible second quarter,
23201 the odds of a global recession are close to 100% right now.
23202 It will be transformative for the Adam Smith Business School, supporting its ambition to become one of the world's leading business schools, whilst revolutionising the PGT student experience across the campus.
23203 The BISP has so far spent about Rs60 billion and the government will expedite the remaining disbursement and if needed additional budget will also be provided,
23204 There is a worrying gap in the Government's strategy to protect these livelihoods which urgently needs to be put right,
23205 Banks were kept afloat by government and taxpayers during the financial crisis -- I would urge them to play their part in helping small and medium-sized businesses through this crisis.
23206 The government has rightly prioritised income replacement for employees. This now needs to be extended to the self employed and freelancers.
23207 I am writing to ask for detailed information about the measures that Sports Direct, House of Fraser and Newcastle United Football Club are taking to support their employees during the current coronavirus crisis.
23208 What should you worry about?
23209 For now, it's good for consumers as the lower oil prices are passed through,
23210 It will work like workers' compensation,
23211 Guineans are invited to systematically refuse the holding of this constitutional coup d'etat,
23212 If this is the start of a coordinated easing of global monetary conditions, then we should look for cuts by other central banks, perhaps during the course of the day today if equity markets tank again,
23213 in the nearer term... we believe the greater risk is that the impact of the coronavirus on earnings may well be underestimated in current stock prices, suggesting that the risks of a correction are high.
23214 Our commitment has been to do our best to keep all employees working through this very difficult situation. As part of an effort to do that we asked salaried employees to take a 20% pay cut while preserving everyone's full benefits -- and keeping our 1500 hourly workers paid throughout the regular season,
23215 This is a very tough one for the Fed to deal with,
23216 Israeli society as a whole, and obviously the ultra-Orthodox community within it, must recognize the economic necessity of integrating the ultra-Orthodox community in the future labor market,
23217 If things get worse in the financial markets, the Bank of Israel has additional monetary tools that it will not hesitate to employ.
23218 Many contributors emphasised the importance of diversity, telling the committee that diverse teams would lead to more diverse thought, and that, in turn, this would help public authorities to identify any potential adverse impact of an AI system,
23219 put Trump in the worst possible light.
23220 Public money shouldn't be put into public advocacy anyway,
23221 Salaries of millions of dollars (common in the financial industry and among corporate executives today) often have little measurable social utility,
23222 [ O ] ur concern is for the fate of flesh-and-blood human beings, not the fate of abstract statistical categories,
23223 And they vote, so this is obviously political.
23224 The Fed's intervention could help restart that part of the corporate debt market, which is under significant stress,
23225 You certainly want to take into account what's happening in financial markets and you certainly want to assess what financial conditions going forward are going to be but I don't think it's right to take one day and extrapolate that out.
23226 But, at this point, we can take our time there, because things do seem to be settled down in those markets.
23227 Members noted that they would continue to monitor the implications of incoming information for the economic outlook, including information related to public health as well as global developments and muted inflation pressures, and that the Committee would use its tools and act as appropriate to support the economy,
23228 However, going from here to low $3,000 s (as indicated in the assessment above) is not the most likely outcome, and we believe there is strong support at $5,000 in the short-term.
23229 There have been heightening uncertainties regarding the impact of the spread of the coronavirus on the global economy,
23230 We had three governors, we had a counsel from China, our crew who flew probably more hours than they should have but they knew how important it was.
23231 All are social and historical constructs
23232 Those investments are wagers on a future in which vast potentials of carbon reserves are available to be processed -- a bet against the public's well-being.
23233 allowing short-time working schemes and providing vulnerable households temporary direct transfers to tide them over loss of income from work shutdowns and layoffs,
23234 It's not only a demand shock, it's a confidence shock and supply chain disruption shock that central banks could not deal with alone,
23235 Everything you have in your office, everything you have in your production factory, that is business investment,
23236 Given that many couples live together before getting married, or choose to live common-law without getting married, it's possible that your partner gets nothing.
23237 this is bad. You need to focus on paying down that balance. The best reward for you is getting rid of that balance.
23238 GOP vulnerability and a GOP opportunity.
23239 It's going to be imperative for this president not to just go after his own base, but to go after independent voters too.
23240 Investors should keep some cash to support their families for at least one year. This is very crazy market and prices can go anywhere. If you survive today, you can come tomorrow to make money,
23241 Liam what's ur thoughts on coronavirus?
23242 It's an honour to announce that I will be doing a gig for the NHS and careworkers at London's The O2 on October 29th. They do an incredible job, we are very lucky to have them. LG x.
23243 Rite sick of pleading begging etc no more olive branches I DEMAND an oasis reunion after this is all over all money going to NHS c'mon you know As we were LG x
23244 Nevertheless, however dismal this percentage is, it is used to inflate the pass rate and when phased out this year, the high dropout rates will inevitably increase. Only then will we see the real performance of the department.
23245 I am pleased to welcome Andrew and Morten to the Innovation Hub team. Their knowledge and experience will greatly enhance our efforts to make the global financial system safer, more efficient and inclusive,
23246 It matters a hell of a lot right now.
23247 critical mechanism on the global economy righting itself.
23248 repos and other forms of collateralized lending to banks where the collateral offered consists of private securities.
23249 has a long memory.
23250 The true size of our fiscal problem is $222 trillion... 20 times bigger than the official debt.
23251 We objectively did not pay very much attention,
23252 What's more likely is sustained proxy attacks against US interests/allies regionally and even globally.
23253 alarmist numbers based on questionable assumptions should not be used to prolong the lockdown, at least not in its present form. Even if there are 25,000 deaths, the economic costs of the present lockdown are disproportionately high.
23254 It will be empowering for me to know my results,
23255 I know it takes time to raise the money. That is a pretty large establishment.
23256 The measures taken in this situation should be regarded as a form of insurance that enables Swedish companies, particularly small and medium-sized enterprises, to feel secure that the credit supply will not fail,
23257 The unemployment insurance system has been made considerably more generous, both in the amount of money people are going to receive and who is eligible for benefits. It is hopeful that this will offset those effects, but we don't know.
23258 It is even more important in this one, where some of the normal social supports aren't there. I think there is an attempt, certainly at UVA, to respond to some of the mental health issues that some of our students and employees may have.
23259 That was true for heart disease deaths as well, and there was a very big reduction in deaths by vehicle and other accidents. On the other hand, suicide deaths went up. One interpretation of this is that in bad economic times, in recessions, physical health improves, while mental health does not.
23260 Those cities and their social and culture systems differ in numerous ways from New York City,
23261 As a board, we consider these measures to be in the best interests of all our stakeholders. Gateley is a resilient and well-balanced business and our economic and geographically diversified business model is well-placed to withstand difficult economic conditions.
23262 I have learned a lot from this apex body of public relations professionals. I still get to learn about the crucial dynamics of deeper connectivity with people across all strata, and the importance of the story of every individual that you come into contact with. It is important to reinvent oneself continually, and you should ensure that every assignment challenges your limits.
23263 the polluter pays wherever the polluter is.
23264 We'll probably look at a major business change... where, for the business to survive, we'll probably swing more bees over to the pollination side of things.
23265 We've been operating under a philosophy that we had a good young roster and it needed maybe free agents and draft choices and we'd be very competitive. To keep operating under that philosophy would be like the definition of insanity: doing the same thing and really expecting a different result.
23266 It is a good opportunity to do a practice flight,
23267 You have to lock down the entire country and seal the border to knock this thing out,
23268 A future agreement will only enter into force after a `real' transition period, during which the new regime will be gradually phased in in order to limit the cost of disruption,
23269 It's a very risky approach.
23270 A broad interpretation of our monetary policy mandate would ultimately jeopardise independence, and quite rightly in my view,
23271 I would like to reassure the Sudanese people that I'm well and fine,
23272 If it turns out that the coronavirus becomes more persistent... we cannot look through it.
23273 The family wish for their privacy to be respected in their time of grief.
23274 They not only harm themselves but those around them as well.
23275 Truly appalled anyone could do this right now,
23276 uncertainty about trade policy is one often-cited culprit in the manufacturing slowdown.
23277 With remote working a likely outcome for many of us in the coming weeks, the security and reliability of our electronic communication will be a high priority,
23278 The global economy seems to have dodged a recession,
23279 This would just be a devastating blow to having folks come out to vote when they have to worry about what they have to eat and when their next paycheck will come. It's just a mess.
23280 But when things are going badly, those opioids are landing on a place where people are looking for ways to numb themselves, and here comes this drug -- and my doctor even says it's OK. And it's helping me cope with a life that I can't find other ways to cope with.
23281 among the underweight, normal weight, overweight, and obese.
23282 Matt's ability to lead the attack, and his proven ability to take wickets in English conditions, make him a really exciting addition to our squad. We can't wait to welcome him back to Kent this season.
23283 the price may get weaker and it would be a good example of a company that is truly becoming very global,
23284 The process of restructuring must proceed with determination... initiatives to expand the scale of operations of small banks such as mergers or greater integration of business areas... can prove beneficial,
23285 By increasing it to nine months to a year, we dont have the jail space for that,
23286 how do you do all this without imposing austerity? I don't think people are going to wear the idea that at the end of this period of national suffering, where they have lost their loved ones, their jobs and their freedom, that the light at end of this tunnel is austerity.
23287 It's been a good 10 years, and his three years probably better than expected,
23288 The Chinese government has announced that people should consume and have on hand as many onions as they can,
23289 We have demanded 350 buses in Lahore on an urgent basis otherwise, our demand is of 1,500 buses which can meet the need of the city,
23290 And someone, who later became an editor of articles I published, called me `boy. '
23291 As IN214436 patent which is the underlying patent for BG-II version of Bt Cotton hybrid seeds has expired, the trait value for BG-II version of Bt Cotton hybrid seeds should also be considered as zero, like in the case of BG-I version, while fixing the sale price for BG-II version.
23292 It is true that the picture is not entirely rosy,
23293 variability in year-on-year revenue growth rates from quarter-to-quarter [ for our advertising business ] as we've often discussed.
23294 We face lots and lots of challenges, and lots and lots of uncertainty, and lots and lots of decisions to make going forward,
23295 At times like this the world looks to Harvard for leadership, intellectual and otherwise,
23296 With Bosch. IO, we are strengthening our position as a leading IoT company,
23297 are well known for being extremely sensitive, and are likely to change dramatically as new information comes in
23298 During the Bush and Clinton presidencies, Iran was allowed to sell a certain percentage of its oil to buy medicines and pay for infrastructure,
23299 eliminate any incentive for reducing use or increasing production
23300 I am trying to look at all the markets in my district to understand better what that trajectory is going to look like and whether the peaks are going to come sooner so that we can get to the end of this sooner. If that gets extended in some parts we may have to wait longer.
23301 Hopefully all the things we are doing today will give people some confidence and that confidence will carry through to the recovery period,
23302 It means bringing production back.
23303 should not let itself be driven by moods and popular feelings.
23304 So, I don't think there is any chance for the economy to recover very much until the virus itself is under full control... and that is now at least three to six months away,
23305 The space we share, the place where a civilization has developed gives us the possibility to consider welfare in a much more complete way [... ] it helps us donate to ourselves some happiness.
23306 This much-discussed low interest rate environment we find ourselves in, reinforced by the trend towards intangible assets that I have discussed today, in part informs my recent votes,
23307 weaker profit than hoped for
23308 important roles in supporting their fellow partners, providing critical services in Waitrose shops
23309 Elizabeth, I brought you some ribbons. Don't go losing them at school now. And, Esther, I brought you some calico for you to make a new skirt. How is Mr. Mooney feeling? Shame `bout his lame leg.
23310 If due process is followed, there is nothing to be worried as any loans can become classified. So, you cannot stop issuing loans for this reason,
23311 If we can foster that same platform and connection for young girls, that'll give fans more of an opportunity to follow their journey as they go to college and play professional sports.
23312 It's high time I think for fiscal policy to take charge,
23313 Rate actions by [ central banks ] around the world [ are ] a reminder of the huge extent of monetary policy loosening in 2019 -- both overall and in terms of the delta relative to 2018. And it's an issue that is intensified by the enormous expansion in balance sheets.
23314 should maintain the stability of the exchange rate.
23315 There is ongoing cooperation and liaison between the respective public health bodies in Scotland, England, Wales and the Republic of Ireland,
23316 What that means is everyone is busy building,
23317 You don't have to feel like you have to hide to do something you believe in.
23318 And 28 percent of our staff are members of the LGBTQ + community.
23319 But we're hoping to combine elements of the service together with an opportunity where we can actually see each other and hear each other, ask questions and answer questions, and to really, in that way, connect and feel part of the community.
23320 I got to the end of a really good interview with Stevie Wonder and this man is an icon. I was really nervous about meeting him but we got on so well. It was amazing but at the end of the interview I went to high-five him.
23321 Old Trafford, seeing the fans singing my name, screaming for me. I'm very grateful. I waited for this moment and this is a moment I will cherish for the rest of my life.
23322 Nigeria could easily become economically more successful by exporting food to almost every country in Africa -- but not generic food because it is difficult to make money selling generic products. A country's position is not based on a marketing programme but on global brands that reflect some overall idea
23323 The answer is social company,
23324 The fosters are getting to know these animals a lot better than we ever could in a shelter environment so they're actually able to tell the potential adopters a lot more aobut the pets than we can
23325 We want to get the word out there, because really, everybody's suffering right now,
23326 Our audience raved about the power of the story, the music, the vivid characters and the incredibly strong protagonist.
23327 Over the last few days social distancing measures have shut down normal life in much of the US. News reports point to a sudden surge in layoffs and a collapse in spending, both of which appear to be historic in size and speed. We are therefore making further large downward revisions to our economic forecast,
23328 The heads of government exchanged warm wishes on the New Year and upcoming Christmas, and also discussed a number of pressing issues of bilateral cooperation, including cooperation in the field of energy,
23329 The information obtained from the Bank of Ghana indicates that the cost of printing the 100 and 200 Ghana cedi notes was 8.97 million dollars. This is made of 4.45 million dollars and 4.53 million dollars for the 100 and 200 Ghana cedis,
23330 With the team at Aimclear, we'll go even further to ensure consistent, powerful storytelling that inspires and engages. Aimclear has a long history of developing innovative, ground-breaking creative, and I'm looking forward to working with the team to extend this legacy.
23331 I spoke with at least a half-dozen people,
23332 It is a governmental responsibility to maintain the value of the currency they issue.
23333 A key question is whether Modi is willing to use some of his political capital to push through the privatization and related reforms
23334 I look at it in the light most favourable toward solving problems,
23335 Monetary policy is exhausted, it has run out of steam. We just have to weather this storm because we do not have many monetary policy levers.
23336 Once it was bulldozed over, it was out of sight, out of mind for a lot of people,
23337 This leads to a massive data mining exercise where many things are tried until something works in the sample, you spin a story around it, and it gets published. Many years later it might be found not to hold up out of sample, but you're already done because you already have tenure. Academically the incentive is to publish at whatever cost. It's not like you're falsifying or fabricating... but it is basically a data mined result.
23338 You get a three-hour high from your happy talk, but lose the long-term ability to be seen as serious, factual and potentially reassuring at a later point when it might be justified. This White House may already be in danger of losing the capacity to be seen as serious.
23339 A lot of people are like we just want to go back,
23340 Fiscal stimulus is a well-known component of macroeconomic policy,
23341 He has alienated everybody.
23342 Larger concern would be a downside for inflation, demand could fall short in the recovery phase and hold inflation lower for a longer period.
23343 I don't really think the cost of financing is the issue, it's the availability, given that markets are demanding liquidity,
23344 You can tell we are there (near home for the economy) but still with interest rates really low and still with fiscal policy making a significant contribution. So it's not being done by the private sector economy. So there is still work to be done.
23345 because of our financial firepower.
23346 The intent of our decision today is two-fold: to immediately support the financial system so it keeps on providing credit, and, over the longer term, to lay the foundation for the economy   s return to normalcy.
23347 Our best and only response to it should be to take concerted action.
23348 which builds on the original Davos Manifesto of 1973 and lays out a vision for stakeholder capitalism that addresses fair taxation, zero tolerance for corruption and respect for human rights.
23349 People are selling gold to buy bitcoin. That proves that bitcoin is a greater and more portable store of value than gold. And that's going to be the story all over the world.
23350 I first made this prediction when it was $1, I said this could go to $100,000,
23351 reinvent themselves in an era of winner-take-all urbanism and superstar cities.
23352 The idea there's going to be some noticeable permanent deficit is weak.
23353 They're called dormitories.
23354 The five student plaintiffs, who are representing themselves, wrote in a draft of their complaint that the University has benefitted from those alleged investments when it should be trying to help break down a `system of human caging '
23355 thousands of people were impacted
23356 Baseline scenario sees 0.1 percentage point drop in global growth for 2020 as result of coronavirus outbreak.
23357 like a U curve where the impact is somewhat longer
23358 we remain very concerned about the negative outlook for global growth in 2020 and in particular about the strain a downturn would have on emerging markets and low-income countries.
23359 3.3 percent is not a fantastic growth, it is sluggish.
23360 The projected recovery... is fragile,
23361 Can we do it? Yes. Are we going to do it? I actually think that we will.
23362 It is clear that we have entered a recession, as bad or worse than 2009,
23363 While the impact of the epidemic continues to unfold, the WHO's assessment is that with strong and coordinated measures, the spread of the virus in China and globally can yet be contained and the human tragedy arrested,
23364 First, the outlook for global growth in 2020 is negative a recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse. But we expect recovery in 2021. To get there, it is paramount to prioritise containment and strengthen health systems everywhere. The economic impact is and will be severe, but the faster the virus stops, the quicker and stronger the recovery will be.
23365 Working together, we can take the necessary steps to reduce uncertainty and put the global economy on more solid footing,
23366 adoption of legislation to improve the bank resolution framework and on land reform would allow moving forward quickly with finalising the parameters of the new arrangement, with larger access than previously envisaged.
23367 advice and technical expertise on the macroeconomic challenges facing the economy,
23368 a sharper and more protracted growth slowdown in China,
23369 China is aiming to get to 90% production by the end of the month. The US financial system is holding; there is quite substantial gearing up on measures to slow down the impact of the virus.
23370 Now is the time to make sure that we don't lose the momentum of this Africa on the move.
23371 This crisis knows no boundaries. Everybody hurts,
23372 We welcome the moves of major central banks to ease monetary policy,
23373 The Covid-19 virus -- a global health emergency -- has disrupted economic activity in China and could put the recovery at risk,
23374 The outlook for global growth: for 2020 it is negative - a recession at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse. But we expect a recovery in 2021,
23375 Lifelines for households and businesses are imperative
23376 entered a recession as bad or worse
23377 way worse than the global financial crisis.
23378 expose financial vulnerabilities that have accumulated during years of low interest rates, leading to a heightened risk that debt cannot be rolled over.
23379 New trade tensions could emerge between the United States and the European Union, and U.S.-China trade tensions could return,
23380 The Indian government has prioritised things very well. Health is the first priority, containment measures have been put in place,
23381 It is very likely that this year the global economy will experience its worst recession since the Great Depression, surpassing that seen during the global financial crisis a decade ago,
23382 Multilateral cooperation is vital to the health of the global recovery,
23383 People are not going to work. No significant economic activity is happening. Supply chain is disrupted. If countries turn to protectionism, it would do great damage to the global supply chain,
23384 There is no trade-off between saving lives and saving livelihoods. Countries should continue to spend generously on their health systems, perform widespread testing, and refrain from trade restrictions on medical supplies. A global effort must ensure that when therapies and vaccines are developed both rich and poor nations alike have immediate access,
23385 While there are signs of stabilization, the global outlook remains sluggish and there are no clear signs of a turning point. There is simply no room for complacency, and the world needs stronger multilateral cooperation and national-level policies to support a sustained recovery that benefits all,
23386 I think in the short term, we don't need to worry about how to pay for it, we need to be spending money as fast as we can offset the hole in the economy,
23387 the best, and almost real-time, guide to the big picture,
23388 Compared to November, employment growth swung down by just over 50K in both goods and services, but the goods numbers are distorted by November's return of striking GM [ General Motors ] workers. Still, manufacturing lost 12K jobs in December, after a 12K increase-ex-returning GM workers - in November. The trend is running close to zero. Construction, however, did much better, with the 20K increase - the best since April-likely driven by rising housing construction; we expect strong gains to continue,
23389 The trend rate of increase is slowing,
23390 The US could have followed the lead of several major European countries and offered job retention programs, paying most of people's salaries, but preferred instead to increase and extend unemployment benefits.
23391 It didn't have to be this way; the US could have followed the lead of several major European countries and offered job retention programs,
23392 The rate of increase of deaths in this bloc is slowing steadily too; yesterday's 12.7% increase was the smallest to date; it will fall further. The UK is at an earlier stage in both case growth and deaths,
23393 The news that the US now has more cases than China makes for big headlines but is epidemiologically irrelevant,
23394 The initial improvement [ in outlook ] was mostly policy-driven, but the greater optimism of the past week seems to be at least partly related to the virus itself,
23395 Pending home sales track contract signings rather than closings, and tend to lead the existing home sales data by 1-2 months,
23396 The leg felt fine, but just hitting the Astroturf and getting on the leg made it very sore, and I felt I'd better give it up,
23397 The silent valley movement and Athirappally movement in Kerala and Narmada Bachao Andolan led by Medha Patkar and these are very good examples where women played a very important role in raising public consciousness,
23398 Lastly, I was struck by the dignity of his tone throughout this speech. At no point does he display rancour or a sense of injury. He doesn't even defend himself -- except on the absurd claim about soldiers not having clothes and shoes.
23399 you are the strongest pillar of the Cabinet.
23400 However, the situation may become unsustainable in the coming weeks, making it extremely important for the government to announce an effective and sizeable package for the economy,
23401 There were few receptions he didn't attend. He was extremely active and visible everywhere
23402 The current staff rules are extremely weak and are hardly enforced.
23403 They wanted to show the world that they could do this, that they would be one of the very few cities to host an Olympics for a second time and that it would be a massive success,
23404 Yes, it's about the money that has already been spent on facilities and new infrastructure and the windfall from tens of thousands of foreign tourists, but I think it's much more about the national political pride of `Team Abe' ,
23405 We are facing this dire housing shortage,
23406 It's been a decade and we're not back to normal in terms of home building,
23407 It is the right policy, since the policy can easily be reversed should a vaccine be discovered or the virus goes away.
23408 We can brag we have the most expensive health care. We can also now brag that it delivers the worst health of any rich country,
23409 Oh, it depends on the day!
23410 To date, there's been very little reaction to us ringing the bell on healthcare costs,
23411 identifying workers who were dispensable altogether, or whose positions in food service, security, janitorial, or transport activities could be outsourced.
23412 We just say do we extradite or not?
23413 We will sit through the night. We will do chowkidari of the Constitution and secularism. This will continue till the Supreme Court takes up the petitions against CAA-NPR-NRC,
23414 Zimbabwe has the potential to recover from its present challenges, given the reform efforts that the Government is currently pursuing,
23415 Anyone who assumes we're going to get a sharp snapback in activity isn't thinking about how consumers are going to feel. They're going to be very cautious,
23416 If the unprecedented confinement measures in China stay in place until the end of February, the resulting economic impact will be concentrated in the first half of 2020, with a reduction in global real GDP of 0.8% in the first quarter and 0.5% in the second quarter.
23417 The virus itself is not a huge deal for the U.S. (economy), but the stock market is a big deal.
23418 As our economists have pointed out, Chinese tourism alone now accounts for 0.4% of Global GDP, and the number of `missing workdays' in China will be roughly equivalent to the entire US workforce taking an unplanned break for two months,
23419 They're all different, but typically it has been market driven, so a monetary response has often been more effective, whereas this time it's not clear that it will be. This is partly because interest-rate cuts may not be very effective in an environment of fear where consumers are forced, or just inclined, to stay at home,
23420 rather than compounding the (coronavirus) tragedy by allowing it to hinder clean energy transitions, we need to seize the opportunity to help accelerate them.
23421 2019 is a year that gives me hope that the 2020s will be a decade of relief.
23422 The oil price will stay low
23423 They are declining because of an economic meltdown, not because of the right policies,
23424 Overall, there are few signs of the large-scale change in capital allocation needed to put the world on a more sustainable path.
23425 When we look back on 2020 we may well see that it was the worst year... April may well have been the worst month -- it may go down as Black April,
23426 It's also a signal that we have the opportunity to meaningfully move the needle on emissions through more ambitious policies and investments,
23427 We have the energy technologies to do this, and we have to make use of them all.
23428 But... this would not be the result of governments and companies adopting new policies and strategies. It would most likely be a short-term blip that could well be followed by a rebound in emissions growth as economic activity ramps back up.
23429 to get on with day-to-day life, whose energy use is increasingly in the form of electricity, and where the power supply is more dependent than ever on wind and solar
23430 much harder and more expensive
23431 steady movement in the direction of greater transparency and independence over time (and) little indication these trends are being rethought.
23432 There's still a basketball arena in Alabama named after him and he was a Nazi war criminal,
23433 the ultimate question and challenge of telling a story about the Holocaust: how do I do so without borrowing from a real person's specific life or experience?
23434 I want to continue her story, and what I really want to accomplish with the show is to keep the memory. The greatest gift to the Jewish people is the capacity to remember. Our memory is such a vital weapon. It ensures things like the Holocaust never happens again. Memory is such an important theme and a motif for the show. It's also a quest to remind people what happened, especially with the anti-Semitism, racism, and xenophobia in our world today.
23435 We're facing an epidemic of anti-Semitism, racism, xenophobia, the likes of which we haven't seen in decades. And so this show is really a question. It's what do you do? And for this show about a group of vigilantes who try and reclaim the power, the question that the show poses is, if you hunt monsters, do you risk becoming a monster yourself? And I think that's a very timely idea and question that we should all be asking ourselves in this day and age.
23436 not as explicitly Jewish as `Hunters,' I think every story will have some Jewishness to it,
23437 I think for a long time this anti-Semitism was kind of couched -- people held it inside -- but we're seeing this expression of anti-Semitism and racism and xenophobia in incredibly violent ways. There's an epidemic of this in our country and I think unfortunately `Hunters' is timelier than ever before,
23438 The world changed underneath us but it took a crisis like this to reveal just how exposed people are,
23439 I simply did not want to depict those specific, real acts of trauma. If the larger philosophical question is, `Can we ever tell stories about the Holocaust that are not documentary?' I believe we can and should.
23440 Adding hundreds of dollars to the cost of each vehicle would seem to be the opposite of the more `affordable  vehicles the SAFE rule promised,
23441 As we examine NEPA's legacy over the last 50 years, we should be looking to the future. And at a time when we need to be clear-eyed about our climate reality and do everything we can to save our planet, this proposal turns a blind eye to the climate crisis and forsakes our promise to future generations,
23442 So we're well pleased with that.
23443 Filing taxes can be complicated and time consuming, and many Delaware families might not know about the benefits they are entitled to claim. I encourage every Delawarean in need of assistance to seek out the free help that is available and avoid leaving money on the table this tax season.
23444 Some have claimed that subpoenaing witnesses or documents would unnecessarily prolong this trial. Isn't it true that depositions of the three witnesses in the Clinton trial were completed in only one day each? And isn't it true that the Chief Justice as presiding officer in this trial has the authority to resolve any claims of privilege or other witness issues without any delay?
23445 Democratic primary voters are very open to messages about the economy doing badly,
23446 You should spend as much as you can on health, on testing, on hospital infrastructure. You should spend as much as you can in a targeted way on things like unemployment insurance, nutritional assistance, paid leave, and help for states,
23447 It's an honour to announce that I will be doing a gig for the NHS and careworkers at London's TheO2 on October 29th. They do an incredible job, we are very lucky to have them. LG x.
23448 What's Bonehead ['s ] obsession with thongs?
23449 Buying that f *** ing Maguire for about  80million - that's ridiculous, isn't it?
23450 I don't think we'd last the first chorus of fucking Rock N' Roll Star,
23451 They do an incredible job, we are very lucky to have them...
23452 Ooh you're so fresh.
23453 There's always one bad egg in the family, [ our mother's ] still got me and she's got our Paul, so it is what it is. I think he [ Noel ] is having a mid-life crisis,
23454 I intend to retire as solo artist after album no3 as I have just had a call from my brother begging me to start oasis again in 2022 if you believe in life after love c'mon you know LG x (sic)
23455 Radical self-inquiry allows us to step back and see the patterns in our lives and the forces that shape who we are.
23456 The banking sector needs to scale up and become proportional to the size of the economy. The exponential rise in India's GDP and GDP per capita post liberalisation coincides with wealth generation in the stock market,
23457 The first wave -- the Twin Balance Sheet crisis, encompassing banks and infrastructure companies -- arrived when the infrastructure projects started during India's investment boom of the mid-2000s began to go sour.
23458 The numbers we're going to see coming out of America are going to be unbelievable. Just the worst we've ever seen
23459 There's much less ammunition for all the major central banks than they previously had,
23460 We welcome the WEF's platform to help develop a robust governance framework for inclusion through digital currencies,
23461 what they did during the war
23462 some rather dashing bar ladies
23463 clear, present, and underpriced.
23464 It's a fast-moving issue,
23465 The bank is coordinating its actions with those that the chancellor (of the exchequer) will announce later today in the budget in order to ensure that our initiatives are complementary.
23466 Coronavirus is a reminder to stay vigilant.
23467 They're on the margins in terms of their macroeconomic impact,
23468 then you get into very dark scenarios -- you start getting three, four, five years of financial pain.
23469 Obviously, there's going to be massive take-up on the forbearance program,
23470 If President Trump is re-elected, we can expect $1 trillion plus budget deficits for the foreseeable future, and much large deficits when the next recession hits.
23471 It's keeping rates down as global investors come piling into the U.S. but it's not hurting our economy to the point where it's costing us jobs,
23472 Higher oil prices are still very much a negative for the global economy, and that will reverberate back on us,
23473 unless China can ramp up production,
23474 We did not in any intentional way break any rules, and I'm looking forward to meeting with the commission to resolve this issue,
23475 We need to ask the questions: When will this stop, and who will get to decide?
23476 A lot of Chinese goods come out to the rest of the world in the belly of aircrafts that are carrying passengers,
23477 ease the impact of the coronavirus
23478 These are difficult times for all, especially for the poorest and most vulnerable,
23479 When women can move more freely, work outside the home and manage assets, they're more likely to join the workforce and strengthen the economy.
23480 considerable uncertainty about the current and future levels of the nominal neutral rate.
23481 came from human problems, monetary and financial shocks. This is has some of the same feel, some of the feel of panic, some of the feel of volatility that you're talking about. It's much closer to a major snowstorm or a natural disaster than a classic 1930s-style depression.
23482 We'll probably have to restart activity fairly gradually and there may be subsequent periods of slower activity again,
23483 if we don't get the public health right, if we don't solve the problem of the virus, of the infection, so making sure that the risk has declined sufficiently before put people back in the line of fire.
23484 drag of approximately one percentage point on global GDP growth
23485 Hi guys I just thought I'd let you know that I did test positive for corona I am battling it pretty hard never felt so sick in my life...
23486 The formality of it all clearly gives some confidence that this is a real deal,
23487 Plastics have kept food prices lower, have kept food safe, have extended the shelf life of many products, have kept products fresher and the quality has been higher.
23488 As the weeks go on we're going to run out of stock. Not all of the stock but a few things are going to go missing soon.
23489 But the problem right now is the market is retracting, it's getting smaller.
23490 Warehousing and logistics are really good and can address all of these issues. The problem that we saw in the news, in papers, is merchandising couldn't keep up with the day-to-day demand, but pallets were going in and relieving stores.
23491 The risk is that we do too little, not that we do too much. And unfortunately, it's more likely that we do too little. If we want the economy to spring back when the pandemic subsides we need bold fiscal policy efforts now.
23492 The most important issue is that women are working where jobs are growing. Health care added more jobs in 2019 than 2018, while jobs growth slowed substantially in mining, construction, transportation and warehousing,
23493 This [ new ] paper is sort of the flip side of the first paper,
23494 two pools of otherwise similar people,
23495 We don't yet fully realize the scale of the layoffs and their economic impact,
23496 We hope, and we believe that their leadership will be able to take the FAI from the awful backing morass and credit chaos which they're in,
23497 will be revived in its present form, at its present stage, under the next Government
23498 Asylum seekers come to the jurisdiction with a variety of documentation. Or potentially no documentation.
23499 His experience and skills will be invaluable as part of the management team to lead the reform that is so necessary within the FAI
23500 This can hardly be acceptable,
23501 As a result of the epidemic, the same number of people may get infected, but over a longer period of time.
23502 Based on assessment, the economic growth will decelerate to 2.3 percent. Under the worst scenario, the economy may slow down to minus 0.4 percent,
23503 If you are corrupt, you are going to have to deal with me. I am not going to let you work here and I will put you in prison
23504 For Indonesia we are going to concentrate on our domestic sources of growth. We still have fiscal-policy space to take counter-cyclical action.
23505 But again, that [ the business side ] looks like it is stabilizing too and I expect it to pick up later in the year,
23506 the committee thinks a flat path (for interest rates)... is appropriate.
23507 As the post-meeting statement issued by the Committee notes, I was fully supportive of all of the actions taken to promote the smooth functioning of markets and the flow of credit to households and businesses but preferred to reduce the target range of the federal funds rate to 1/2 to 3/4 percent instead of to 0 to 1/4 percent as was done.
23508 I was hoping to find some classics and came across this treasure. The joy I felt is indescribable. All I can say after reading that gem is that it was worth the wait. His philosophy left a huge impact on me and that book is one among the many that inspired my entrepreneurial journey,
23509 The report gives enough details as to how ecommerce marketplaces are indulging in unethical business practices such as predatory pricing and deep discounting.
23510 If the situation does not escalate beyond the current level, I would say this will be a minor hiccup for the economy. But if it becomes a war and the Strait of Hormuz is closed, then we are looking at a major economic problem.
23511 It was clear that Iran didn't expect Trump to retaliate in any meaningful way,
23512 Our investment to date has been highly successful, and the announced increase in our shareholding is evidence of our continued support of IAG and its strategy,
23513 Through this cooperation, we will be able to provide travel options for our outbound travelers as well as inviting more travelers to experience the beauty Malaysia has to offer. We look forward to sharing our Malaysian Hospitality further and provide a truly Malaysian experience for our passengers,
23514 These forces include bankruptcy costs, hysteresis effects from unemployment, and the destruction of supply-side chains. It is important to embody these forces in macroeconomic models of epidemics and study their positive and normative implications.
23515 was a very powerful man and I didn't want to get on the wrong side of him
23516 Obviously, above all I would like to thank my friends and family for standing by me over the last two years,
23517 likely to widen SNP divisions
23518 You read that before you mentioned the actor to police.
23519 And I think that the impact of some of the publicity over the last 18 months may have led some people, quite innocently perhaps, to revise their opinions and said `oh well something happened to me' and it gets presented in a totally different way, and people get into the sausage machine and they can't get out even if they want to.
23520 We need to bring order to the public housing sector. It's high time town people stayed in town befitting houses,
23521 We stand by our decision to oppose this merger. If the ACCC won 100 per cent of the cases we took it would be a sign we weren't doing our job properly; by only picking `safe' cases and not standing up for what we believe in,
23522 In a sense, the horse has bolted. Putting the horse back in the stable is going to be very difficult.
23523 We believe allowing these businesses to work together to discuss further solutions is appropriate and necessary at this time.
23524 During our Digital Platforms Inquiry, we heard many concerns about the complexity and opacity of ad tech and ad agency services. This has real potential to undermine advertisers' abilities to choose services that provide the best value for money for them,
23525 I am one of those irritating `glass half full' people. I get upset when Hawthorn loses the grand final. But all we can do is call them as we see them.
23526 At the beginning of the game, had some good looks going,
23527 undisclosed six-figure donation to Philabundance.
23528 That's what the media kickers are in place for,
23529 Donald Trump will not allow subsidized oil to Cuba, and no Cuban doctors in Mexico.
23530 Events provide a tremendous boost for local communities and that's why we want to give organisers every opportunity to draw a bumper crowd to their town,
23531 I think there will be great reluctance, particularly from the chief medical officer at Commonwealth level but through all the chief health officers to have huge public gatherings in advance of a vaccine,
23532 Companies like Johnson & Johnson are showing community spirit and leadership by getting out into regional Victoria -- and Johnson & Johnson has made an inspired choice with beautiful Merrijig.
23533 I thank Katy for offering to put on this free show for communities that have been affected by bushfires,
23534 Regional Victoria is open for business and we want more people to return to their favourite destinations, and to seek out new adventures.
23535 It might well be that, even in an environment where sport is able to recommence, [ quarantine hubs ] might be the only practical way to have confidence to get through a season without having to stop and start,
23536 hampered by the military,
23537 I would like to make a statement here that the government has no desire or policy to keep the money even a day longer that belongs to the exporters and nor do we find any reason to delay the repayments.
23538 our top priority has been to make local exports more competitive in the international market and boost foreign currency income
23539 If even this very tight labor market can't deliver strong wage growth to me, I've got to try something else,
23540 Unemployment insurance claims for the last two weeks are mind-blowing,
23541 The vast majority of the workforce can't work right now, and if I didn't look at this data I might get a skewed idea of what share of people can actually work at home,
23542 I'm not a traveler, but I saw the whole world through these pictures. I saw so many people. And I traveled through time in a way. There's something about it that made me sad. I found myself wanting to go there -- and by `there' I meant more in time than in place. To that very moment in the image. But that moment is gone. The archives is a sacred place for me.
23543 Look at all of your discretionary spending and cull them. Vary your payment arrangements on council rates, water rates, and even strata levies. Rather than paying annually, spread it out to monthly, to even out your cash flow.
23544 provides a lot of high-end capabilities
23545 we will not mirror what Russia does. We have no intention to deploy new land-based nuclear-missiles in Europe.
23546 is never again a safe haven for terrorists.
23547 We have recently seen an escalation by Iran, including the strike on a Saudi energy facility, and the shoot-down of an American drone,
23548 Turkey is an important ally because Turkey has been key not least in the fight against terrorism,
23549 back UN efforts for a peaceful solution.
23550 China's ready, and we hope the U.S. will work with us.
23551 The issue of migration and refugee flows is a common challenge that requires common solutions.
23552 We have suspended our training mission now because of the security situation on the ground, but we are ready to restart the training when the situation makes that possible,
23553 The board is delighted that the company has had a stronger than anticipated finish to 2019 and to be entering 2020 with an encouraging order book,
23554 The number one thing, outside of obviously things like handwashing and the social distancing, is trying to allow physicians to provide safe care to people who don't need an office visit, and to encourage them to either speak to their doctor on the phone or see them virtually.
23555 Due to the policy reforms introduced to improve the reach and strengthen the quality of ALS, the yearly number of learners passing the ALS Accreditation and Equivalency Test increased significantly higher -- 56 percent compared to the average number of passers per year from 2005 to 2015. Passing rates also improved from an average of 45 percent between 2005 (and) 2015 to 66 percent from 2016 to 2018,
23556 We trust the schools, we trust the parents, and we trust their capacity to assess if they can implement the guidelines which are publicly known,
23557 This takes the big banks out of it.
23558 a harbinger of conventional mortgage rates
23559 We did a review of potential partners,
23560 We know there's been some uncertainty about Britain's future and we believe the UK is an important place for us to invest,
23561 I know that this might not feel like a big priority at a time when so many people are understandably worried about their health, security and loved ones, but it really matters,
23562 People across the globe are stepping up, rising to the enormous challenge in front of us. We want to do our part, too,
23563 We really changed the pricing. We changed the ad products.
23564 are part of political discourse and that taking political ads means people can speak.
23565 The issue is not what people think of me or Mark personally. The issue is how are we doing as a company?
23566 Working out how to address this crisis is the biggest challenge facing UK economic policy makers today,
23567 big chunk, if not all
23568 Data matters, research mattered in the motor vehicle arena,
23569 from the ICU to ventilator support
23570 In order to tide over this critical situation, we had made a request for advance release of the Revenue Deficit Grant provided by the 15th Finance Commission, where we urged you to release the full amount of the grant during the months of April, May and June 2020,
23571 given in one hand and taken away from the other
23572 There is not even a mention of the word slowdown in the entire Union Budget. The Centre should first accept the ground situation and then everyone can put their heads together to work out a solution,
23573 These are very disturbing signals as these are important for sustaining investors' confidence,
23574 I basically got the job and then just stopped eating, which ended up causing a lot of problems, and I would not suggest that,
23575 I have the impression that we hear the health officials more and more and not the politicians,
23576 insight into our business.
23577 additive to governance and execution.
23578 We continue to invest across YouTube to grow over the long-term. In the ad supported proportion of YouTube, we pay out a majority of revenues to our creators, reflected in our content acquisition costs.
23579 That has been a key principle here and continues to be.
23580 Nineteen years later, we employ more than 1,500 people -- including engineers, sales leaders and AI researchers -- across three offices in Waterloo, Toronto and Montreal. Today we are pleased to announce that we're expanding our presence in Canada...
23581 Right now the government needs to provide leadership and stop any panic -- minimise the panic buying and minimise people's lack of engagement with their normal lives,
23582 The other approach to fighting wasteful medical spending starts with looking at health care as a system of goods and services: medications and surgical procedures, administrative processes and physical infrastructure. Some of these enhance health and others don't, while some of it costs more than its benefits warrant. If you can identify wasteful goods and services and deliver effective care at lower prices, you can make the system more efficient for everyone.
23583 The results from our study may therefore not be as worrying as they first seem, if it means more teachers who are struggling with their mental health are now getting help,
23584 The social side cannot be viewed as different from the economy side. In an autocratic system dissent is more easily suppressed but in a democratic environment it cannot be suppressed and this means it is important for the political leadership to work hard to create harmony.
23585 We're extremely pleased to have locked in advantageous electricity prices in Sweden through our direct agreements with local suppliers, the result of HIVE assuming full control of its Sweden operations in November. This provides cost certainty and allows us to plan for our next stage of growth. It is another successful step in our efforts to increase our underlying mining profitability in 2020.
23586 Broke my heart. But damn it, we will find and make magic! Magic happens when you believe. And I do. Sending love to you all.
23587 But these migrant workers, they have to go very, very long distances. They're not just vulnerable to hunger. They're also vulnerable to many diseases.
23588 he'll let everybody know.
23589 The proceeds of the hedges have enabled us to become a substantially larger shareholder of a number of our portfolio companies, and to add some new investments, all at deeply discounted prices,
23590 efforts to contain the coronavirus are likely to have a substantial negative impact on the U.S. and global economies, and on equity and credit markets,
23591 I don't think there is a single `right' advice for every farmer. It will depend on individual strategies and positions. Given the continuation of relatively low commodity prices, it will be important for farmers to find ways to control costs; however, it is also important to stay abreast of trends and make investments in productivity enhancing technologies. Low margins for commodity crops will prompt explorations for alternatives -- it is important to ensure market access and mitigate price risk when exploring new ventures through contracting or other alternative marketing arrangements.
23592 in practical terms it meant that the United States wouldn't mention certain unpleasant subjects concerning Russia so long as Russia played nice in trade relations and nuclear disarmament and various other areas.
23593 is having a full-scale meltdown at the possibility of being sanctioned under the Global Magnitsky Act for the unjust detention of Sen. Leila de Lima.
23594 It turned out to be 15 freshwater mullet, four bass, four eastern cod and one eel.
23595 The Super Bowl would not be here had it not been for massive private investment by the Dolphins,
23596 Love was sort of the first O'Neil,
23597 O'Neil's work is a derivative of Love's.
23598 Often times they have families, they buy their groceries here, they rent apartments here and so they're a real boon to the local economy.
23599 She said it was a mix-up on their part.
23600 We... take as given that a 2 percent rate of inflation... is the operational goal most consistent with our price-stability mandate.
23601 The fundamentals in the U.S. are strong sustained growth, strongest labor market in 50 years, price stability with inflation close to our goal. So yeah, it's a good picture,
23602 There are some indications that headwinds to global growth may be beginning to abate,
23603 will proceed on a meeting-by-meeting basis
23604 In my experience this affliction is one the Federal Reserve guards against and does not suffer from,
23605 Although he is quiet and humble, his efforts speak volumes in raising our students' professional communication skills while facilitating cross-cultural understanding between two countries through the study of journalism. His tenacious lifelong interest in protecting the First Amendment never wanes.
23606 I am excited to be leading the Crye-Leike team in Cleveland. We have a lot of great agents and there is no place I would rather be!
23607 I expressed to him that I really hoped he could continue with us. When he called originally, I thought it was to put together a deal that would allow him to stay. But he made it clear to me he had given it a lot of thought.
23608 Since the beginning of the year, we have indeed seen an increased demand for online delivery services and a significant increase in sales. Some groups of goods grew faster than others in late February-early March, especially goods with a long shelf life: groceries, canned goods, and hygiene products,
23609 It will allow us to deport foreigners if they are diagnosed with this disease and introduce special restrictions, including isolation and quarantine,
23610 Currently the key task is to increase the potential of agriculture exports further on, and not only of grain, but also of other farming and livestock products,
23611 to regain the lost trust between the government and business.
23612 the worst possible scenario for Tasmanians who love their coastlines and oceans
23613 While I still have a residence in Launceston I have been for all intents and purposes been living in Bicheno since December,
23614 We appreciate our Governor for what he stands for. He wants a world-class and prosperous environment, something I share -- investment in infrastructure, whether power, buildings or indeed human capital -- is something I believe in fundamentally. I want to see a thriving and redeveloped Lagos Island. What we are doing here today is just the beginning of what we want to do at Falomo. We want to realise the potential of Lagos. Falomo is a unique property, a place where we want to showcase the potential of Lagos and what it can become. We are looking forward to engaging with Lagos State further, so we can all develop this historic and flagship location, which truly puts our city on the global map
23615 I think our guys relaxed a little bit. Credit to (Land O' Lakes), they stepped up... They definitely bounced back, but our guys fought back and I was proud of the way they responded.
23616 The Covid crisis has demonstrated the inadequacy of crucial aspects of our social and economic system, particularly relating to employment and unemployment.
23617 The issue with Indonesia is we have to balance between the need of maintaining inflation and supporting economic growth as well as maintaining the stability of the rupiah,
23618 We have been working closely with banks in the last two weeks to boost their liquidity,
23619 All of it is to protect the core of interests which drives our politics, which is a few corporate sectors where the real money is.
23620 Decoupling the U.S. economy from China's is crucial for U.S. prosperity because the pre-Trump policy of expanding trade and commerce with the People's Republic has been such a net loser for the American economy,
23621 If any information is sought from us, as a responsible corporate citizen, we will of course provide the same,
23622 Reducing corporate credit exposure will remain a key focus area for us. The weak economic climate resulted in elevated credit costs which, along with the cost of managing liquidity, resulted in muted earnings,
23623 It is very disappointing. It is in fact a humiliating development, which has disturbed our country: not only the Anglo-Indian community but also other communities. The reservation for the Anglo-Indian community in the Lok Sabha and certain Assemblies, granted by the Constituent Assembly, is being rather maliciously, even fraudulently, abolished.
23624 It would be a miracle if Canada doesn't have a recession, but we shouldn't bank on miracles... I think the U.S. is certain to have a recession, in fact, I think we're already in it. Data lags by months so we won't know until June what the March economy will be like, but you can, to some extent, see it with the behaviour of consumers.
23625 If most Americans who wanted a test could get one, and if people who tested positive stayed home and sought medical attention, fear of going out wouldn't disappear, but it would dissipate,
23626 We have now seen our first case in Northern Ireland, someone returning from northern Italy.
23627 Getting the right PPE to the right place at the right time is a huge challenge and we are working tirelessly to do that,
23628 Baton Rouge Theme Song.
23629 Methods like this are well known for being extremely sensitive, and are likely to change dramatically as new information comes in,
23630 based mostly on using the experience in other countries to fit a smooth curve to the counts of deaths reported so far in the UK, rather than any modeling of the epidemic itself.
23631 Once the infection rate stabilises, the number of cases is not rising, I think we'll see Chinese stimulus. That will be good for us and we'll return to that gradually improving trend we looked like we were on before the virus.
23632 lead to increased spending, including on residential construction
23633 On that occasion, there was a sharp slowing in output growth in China for a few months, before a sharp bounce-back as the outbreak was controlled and economic stimulus measures were introduced,
23634 But the SARS outbreak in 2003 may provide a guide.
23635 ensure that the Australian financial system has sufficient liquidity.
23636 Our inflation is still low and so, we do have the policy space (to ease monetary policy),
23637 In comparison, during the world financial crisis, our unemployment rate was at 3.7 percent while during the Asian financial crisis in 1998 our unemployment rate was at 3.2 percent. The stimulus package is intended to assist the worker, the household and the businesses, to go through this difficult period,
23638 Someday when this is over, I'm promised a hug,
23639 The initiative could be a tactical gambit, aimed at opening up space for future moves.
23640 We've got a whole team of team players. It's been a very rewarding day for everyone.
23641 But we need to increase the pace and increase the amounts.
23642 In fact, up to 98 per cent of all depositors will be paid in full with the cash since most of the deposits are less than GH  70,000,
23643 It's not any sort of a bellicose action.
23644 compared to other actual systems.
23645 I will not be pushed into making a decision because staff says we're too far down the road,
23646 If I went to Davos, it would be to stand behind police barriers
23647 My own thinking is becoming increasingly depressed on this as time goes on,
23648 Conferences are getting canceled, from the Geneva International Motor Show to Facebook Inc.'s F8 developer gathering in California. Disneyland Tokyo is closed. Auto suppliers are warning of parts shortages. Generic drug manufacturers are paying 50% more for some raw materials,
23649 Tera Nifty all-time high; phir bhi mera share kyon aadha?
23650 That initially led to a rebound in investment going into 2017 and it has certainly helped the share market.
23651 With China, a lot of people didn't have credit cards, so they had to come up with ways to facilitate their customers doing this.
23652 The ongoing rout in equity markets raises an obvious question: what could break the circuit? Unfortunately, monetary or fiscal policy are less suited to break the circuit in a crisis of the real economy that stems from medical emergency than in a financial crisis,
23653 Their Open Doors Scholarship will help our students, particularly those who face unexpected hardships late in their business program, to focus on their studies and complete their degree.
23654 This will be good news for economies that produce oil, economies like Nigeria, but the real question for the Nigerian economy is: can it move away from this basic oil dependency?
23655 Those risks, while they do accelerate out into the future, are more pressing on the market today than most market participants understand.
23656 women are a valuable resource, whose true value is not understood or reflected in market prices,
23657 Despite our performance, that has included us. One's risk mitigation strategy must reflect that reality.
23658 Internal government projections are dire,
23659 Omg your mind now look at the kanye's disaster #KanyeWestIsOverParty,
23660 I can't go up on stage and say `Yay! Happy Pride Month!
23661 It really is a big deal to me. She votes against fair pay for women, she votes against the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, which is just basically protecting us from domestic abuse and stalking. Stalking!
23662 Outside investors don't want to get tangled up in a religious war,
23663 Sales will look like they're down when they're not; you get a lot of noise in the financial system,
23664 Now, the government has mandated that the supply side of the economy must be shut down, and if that's shut down, that feeds back into the demand side of the economy, and the whole thing just collapses,
23665 recognizing and amplifying women and girls' agency to silence the guns in Africa
23666 Africa may lose half of its Gross Domestic Product with growth, falling from 3.2 per cent to about 2 per cent due to a number of reasons which include the disruption of global supply chains,
23667 Of course, you have a good, rising ICT sector where the continent can learn a lot from what you are doing.
23668 The monetary policy toolbox: evidence from the euro area
23669 This is a risky maneuver,
23670 Gold is a better hedge than oil.
23671 Accordingly, we are likely at an inflection point where `fear' - driven purchases will begin to dominate liquidity-driven selling pressure, as it did in November 2008.
23672 significant downside spikes towards $20 per barrel in the coming months.
23673 Raising the contribution rate as planned would force many workers to accept a lower-than-otherwise standard of living during their working lives so their living standard in retirement could be higher than they ever were used to when working.
23674 The future is really going to be determined by two issues,
23675 Who will pay, and when? What are our priorities as a country, and what do we need to do to get ready for the next crisis?
23676 The overall impact of immigration on the NHS is positive, as the Government's own Migration Advisory Committee concluded. Given that, it's very hard to justify extending the double-charging that already applies to non-EU migrants to those from the EU.
23677 How can we be sure the government will follow on our recommendations,
23678 From the time when Nancy Astor became the first woman to take a seat in parliament 100 years ago right up to today, there has been far too much focus on what women wear and not what they say,
23679 The Government must look again at planning policies not just about building on flood plains but the impact of new developments on drainage and the flow of rainwater.
23680 In this case, the challenges are going to be with getting the checks out and -- especially -- changing and massively scaling up the way we do small business loans.
23681 that the state is the true Antichrist.
23682 That's the thing that really got Apollo rocketing off.
23683 We could have forced more mortgage relief. We could have imposed tighter conditions on dividends and executive compensation,
23684 So if you have a payroll tax holiday, basically what you're doing is giving a big chunk of payroll both to workers and firms to help get them see through three or four months that are going to be super negative.
23685 I think in the U.S., we're going to have a very terrible second quarter. At The Lindsey Group, we just ran the numbers carefully over the weekend, and we think the second quarter will be about minus 5 percent.
23686 stress the importance of race and social issues in driving the white working class away from Democrats, and doubt that a renewed focus on equality would bring those voters back.
23687 As an exotic Latin American destination, with a host of world-famous sporting events and close proximity to Antartica, Argentina possesses a wealth of potential to become a favorite longer-stay, in-depth holiday hotspot, and a core destination as part of regional itineraries.
23688 During the recent novel coronavirus outbreak, we took immediate actions to take care of our customers and partners, while taking on necessary financial impact in the near term. We firmly believe it was the right thing to do for us as the industry leader, and look forward to coming back even stronger after the outbreak is contained.
23689 Even 10 years from now, the quality of life in Ukraine will differ significantly from Poland,
23690 I see this second scenario as much more likely.
23691 We want to make Dalhousie the international reference point for marine ecosystem forecasting,
23692 With the current crisis, though, its purpose should be clear. It ensures that we can continue investing through good and bad times.
23693 Bit by bit that this governor is doing. He needs to step up and gain his leadership,
23694 I've got three young kids, so your Saturday's can quite easily be filled with other things,
23695 primarily up to other policy makers,
23696 The decision was made at a time when the number of cases has declined, so it's not clear what logic guided the Russian authorities,
23697 The German economy is in shock,
23698 the stigma is absent.
23699 This is a system that stacks compensation very strongly toward the end of life with very long, very generous pensions.
23700 All of a sudden, this is a huge disruption to trade. We're going to have some time lags.
23701 rather than to government and quasi-government agencies.
23702 That's entirely by the book. This is the strongest shock we will experience in a while.
23703 The other one is don't be alone. It says that in the data that sharing things, dining with your neighbours, talking to your family, spending time with your family, letting people come and help you because eventually it will get better.
23704 [ A ] fall in interest rates can now cause an initial boom in economic activity as more household debt increases consumption
23705 Our original plan was to put the drone -- we named it Elang Hitam [ black eagle ] and it will be specifically used for military purposes -- into mass production by 2024,
23706 So, there are precautions we need to take. We will take precautions together,
23707 We will come to power in 2023 to crown our republic with democracy. This is our duty for our children,
23708 Back-testing shows that a particular strategy is likely to outperform the index in the future.
23709 global cooperation to synchronize monetary policy must be high on the agenda
23710 have to be very, very leery of what's going on,
23711 Her kids have not been able to hug her or get near her... the kids are always asking what's wrong with her... the situation has not been easy,
23712 So we'll just take them out, spend a few days to drive through the areas where they came from and just scatter them back out again,
23713 Many on the political left are so entranced by the beauty of their vision that they cannot see the ugly reality they are creating in the real world.
23714 The Russian chess school is rich with talents.
23715 The smart government response would be to say look we are a risk manager, we are acting now to stabilize the economy,
23716 I am pessimistic about the German outlook because Germany could experience something like the perfect storm,
23717 They did not want to work professionally. They did not even want to find out how things were. They simply wanted to take all the money,
23718 We do not confirm this information,
23719 We've got about nine or 10 full-timers and 12 or 13 with the interns, and these people are impressive. Think that is one thing. The Matt Blood hire (as Orioles director of player development last September) has been such a help with the people he knows in baseball, and the coaches he was able to bring in has been amazing. It's really changing the makeup of our coaches in the minor leagues. I know that's often not really noticed and perhaps it's hard to get excited about coaches in the minor leagues, but we are.
23720 Yes, I'm sure there's going to be an increase in traffic, but as a human being I'd like to think we could make a plan and work around it. Give it a go, folks might like it.
23721 You have to put far more of the power and decision-making in the hands of the individual and that you get better skills for the economy not by asking a government department to organise courses for people that they are sent on but by giving them far greater ability to learn skills when they think they want to.
23722 He's walking the tightrope, but so far so good.
23723 If we fail to act now, front-line staff and communities will be living with the psychological consequences of coronavirus for decades to come.
23724 Not really. The train has got a long, long way to go if you think about it....
23725 so now feel unable to request their requirements
23726 We've done this twice before -- in 2001 and 2008,
23727 I would guess Maduro keeps hold of the government with the support of the military, while Guaido heads an opposition that remains divided on issues and strategy,
23728 These are actually things that are going to facilitate better growth. So that's one aspect. The second aspect is that the gains can actually be quite big.
23729 We are not doing this to maximize our money. We're doing it because we genuinely believe in the tools and empowering data scientists,
23730 We are ready for any oil price, for any challenge,
23731 We need to widen hi-tech up to a wider population. We are trying to work together, to see how we can coordinate with all the parties, a more collaborative effort, which of course the Israel Innovation Authority should be lead. But I don't think it's able to do it alone.
23732 As I will be doing the grocery shopping on behalf of my household, I could also prepare some lunch/dinner/snack packs to have on hand before/after your shift so that you do not have to arrive at or leave your hospital shift hungry.
23733 India swapping its H1B workers' Social Security contributions for an enhanced number of H1B worker Visa limit,
23734 It's not Detroit. It doesn't do just one thing. It's got iPhones, it's got automotive, it's got large scale manufacturing across quite a few sectors.
23735 Sandrine brings deep financial expertise gained in global companies and strong strategic capability to our Board. Her success in a number of executive leadership roles, her experience in the telecoms, entertainment and media industries and her enthusiasm for cultural, technological and business transformation will be of great benefit to WPP as the Company delivers its new strategy for growth.
23736 These pressures have always existed but could be more intense now. They want a more political Commission. I think the Commission was always quite political but this time its politics does not suit the member states.
23737 We are seeing that a lot of money is coming from foreign countries for religious conversions. In many regions, including Tamil Nadu and the South Indian states, they are very active,
23738 When African firms engage more in exporting and importing, they tend to create jobs and this translates into poverty reduction,
23739 Alpha Conde is trying to change the constitution to stay in power for life,
23740 Faculty needs to be involved,
23741 The MSS is a sprawling security intelligence service with wide ranging powers,
23742 The rest of the world has invested in coal... all the developed world has invested in coal. The issue is, it is going to take time for them and others to make energy transitions.
23743 You've got to get your priorities in place. Twenty billion pounds would radically overhaul infrastructure in Northern Ireland, with motorways, dual carriageways. You could probably subsidise free ferry transport for over a century and provide free public transport and new rail links for that same amount of money.
23744 emotionally and cognitively overwhelming.
23745 Our aim is to set trends, not only to follow them,
23746 If the coronavirus causes a worldwide recession... that'll be like the Katrina hurricane for George W. Bush,
23747 It's reasonable to assume that those effect will manifest in the data in about two or three months,
23748 Those with no accounts are also likely to be the people that will be needing the most help.
23749 We have a lot of young people entering the labour force. We need to provide jobs for them and even if much of the growth is job-oriented, 5% simply doesn't cut it,
23750 for motives of benevolence and humanity.
23751 I have always worked with Buddhist monks in my Kegalle electorate and has even donated land to build Buddhist Temples,
23752 If this becomes a world issue, with ripples through many countries and many economies, then that's a different type of event than as I understand it to be today,
23753 We are going to want to let the economy run and run hot enough to where inflation starts to move and gets us to a place where we are comfortable that level is not a threat to expectations.
23754 Or at least we go to the old highs.
23755 Percentage-wise going into this final stretch we're at almost exactly the same identical position we were in 2010. We're at 97 percent.
23756 Portugal at the Center,
23757 they might be very good.
23758 We will continue to implement government advice -- in some cases we will go further to protect the long-term safety and security of our site.
23759 We will do whatever it takes to ensure the good functioning of the financial markets and the transmission to monetary policy in all of the euro area,
23760 It is a question of limiting losses,
23761 Some forms of debt forbearance... may be needed -- for instance by extinguishing private sector loans vacuumed by the central banks,
23762 The issue for us hasn't been to stay negative for longer than we needed to
23763 There's going to be some really special moments that are going to happen as part of Super Bowl Sunday this year -- that if it can top even a Super Bowl -- this is going to be really special,
23764 We see very few, given that we've not altered our pricing strategy in response to lowering occupancies,
23765 We've had a steady increase in business since we opened, and then coronavirus hit,
23766 While it is too early to speak about some of the proposals being discussed, it will be helpful to provide a mix of measures that is on-budget (and) well-targeted to help those most affected by the current crisis,
23767 It came fast and the warning came after it already happened,
23768 The air service agreement between the European Union and Qatar concluded last year was a landmark deal,
23769 What's more, the Trump administration's response -- cutting taxes to put more money in people's pockets -- is exactly the kind of measure we should be avoiding.
23770 And a lot of people of course have pension plans and in addition they have some of their own savings,
23771 From the very beginning, at the heart of our strategy is support for women, helping them and connecting them to global opportunities. Our efforts have not gone unnoticed as evidenced by our numerous awards and recognition in the area of female empowerment,
23772 Our goal is to keep enterprises operating. If they fail to have enough cash flow, liquidity, their capacity to repay debt will become a problem,
23773 Adjustment of the thresholds ensures that potentially anti-competitive M&A s are subject to compulsory notification and review, while those that are less likely to pose competition concerns are excluded,
23774 It is a great way to get around the city, from point A to point B, in locations where the metro is not convenient and where a walk would take 20 minutes.
23775 It's very much something that is linked to specific schools like our School of Foreign Service or policy schools elsewhere.
23776 Monetary policy, however, cannot on its own improve the potential growth rate of the economy or reduce fiscal risks. These should be addressed by implementing prudent macroeconomic policies and structural reforms that lower costs generally, and increase investment opportunities, potential growth and job creation,
23777 Similar to our 2018 restructuring initiatives, we quickly forced many difficult, and sometimes traumatic changes, which we deemed necessary to transition SI's business back to a trusted and growing heritage brand. We will continue to be true to our business model and are extremely proud to be operating a profitable and growing business in times like these, with best in class content and technology as its backbone.
23778 The Future of China's Foreign Relations,
23779 unite all the nation's power
23780 We send our hospital buses for 10-15 people to the houses of known donors and we had taken prior approval from local authorities for this,
23781 But now what I `m worried about is a demand scenario in the United States, where people decide the only thing they're buying is hand sanitizer and Wet Wipes and Campbell's Soup.
23782 Governments are going to pour the money in, short-term, to where workers are already skilled and to regions where they're already working,
23783 I've also always loved geometry and geometric problems. Symplectic topology combines these two interests of mine in a beautiful way.
23784 Jianhai is a key driving force behind the Meetings having become the place every policy maker wants to be to discuss the critical economic and financial issues of the day,
23785 Sometimes, the water in the taps is black and has a strange odour, like sewerage,
23786 That's why we are underlining a green BRI would be not only good for the world, it also would be good for China,
23787 The heightened role of private equity firms in US health care should alarm consumers, policy makers, and really, everyone,
23788 This recession looks like a very serious one,
23789 Venezuela before Chvez: Anatomy of an Economic Collapse.
23790 We need to stimulate research and development into things like hydrogen fuel,
23791 Can we simply sit and allow the foreign firms have controlling stake in NBFCs and payment firms? We simply cannot. The cost of inaction would be huge national security risk. There is also absence of data protection law in this country and we are finally moving in that direction,
23792 Someone needs to lead, and Maryland should be that leader.
23793 The Italian borders should be closed as soon as possible. The situation is much worse than 1 million refugees coming to Europe.
23794 They actually teach you how to do it and experiment with what you want to do,
23795 We are about to witness a downturn that could dwarf the Great Recession,
23796 Everybody would then fall under Medicare, to try to take advantage of some of the lower administrative costs in the Medicare system,
23797 If there were global temperatures more than 2C or 3C above the current average temperature, this would take the climate outside of the range of observations which have been made over the last several hundred thousand years.
23798 It is easy to believe Biden thought minor cuts in the program in the short run would represent a better outcome than the much bigger cuts President Reagan and his advisers seemed to favor,
23799 It's the tyranny of the anecdote,
23800 They are projecting a huge uptick in productivity and GDP growth this year -- 2.6 percent and 3.1 -- for which we see zero evidence,
23801 We don't need it added to our atmosphere, and we don't need it across our pristine lake country.
23802 We see a light at the end of the tunnel... Our attempt is going to be the No. 1 in the U.S.,
23803 Crucially, the Bill doesn't clarify whether trade deals will be prevented that allow the import of food produced to lower standards than those adhered to in the UK. And while there is reference to welfare standards, it's imperative to ensure that farm businesses delivering the highest environmental outcomes, like in organic production, are not penalised and will continue to thrive.
23804 I personally have known and worked with her for many years in a wide range of positions that she has held. I look forward to working closely with her again as she joins the management team.
23805 In hindsight, I regret having it delivered to the office.
23806 Regulations or taxes on emissions,
23807 The economic downturn will lead to rising deficits but given current low levels of interest rates this can be handled,
23808 The two remaining banks have been requested to take remedial actions within a well-defined timeline.
23809 the wrong size, the wrong shape, and won't address the people who need it most
23810 They shared an unexpected special moment of writing and recording music for pure joy,
23811 This is in my lifetime humanity's darkest hour, a big threat to the whole world,
23812 But I think we have to do what people in the rapid response services do: pray for the best, prepare for the worst.
23813 Even after the global community's efforts to alleviate such financing constraints, these countries will need to reprioritise expenditure toward the health sector while safeguarding key public services (transport, energy, communications) and social protection.
23814 I think the world is changing much faster today than it was 10-20-30 years ago. Insecurity is the new normal thing. So we need to help our members be more agile, more adaptable,
23815 The most recent projections predict a recession accompanied by a loss of jobs worse than that produced by the financial crisis 12 years ago.
23816 The world of central banks is predicting accommodative policy for quite some time,
23817 has stated that countries affected by #COVID 19 (coronavirus) will be supported via Rapid Financial Instrument. Our Central Bank requested access to this facility immediately
23818 We do project recovery in 2021 -- in fact, there may be a sizeable rebound, but only if we succeed with containing the virus -- everywhere -- and prevent liquidity problems from becoming a solvency issue.
23819 This is a human tragedy, but it also has negative economic impact,
23820 challenges we face at the other end,
23821 Our doctors and nurses are fighting it around the clock, often risking their lives to save the lives of others. Our scientists will come up with solutions to break COVID-19's grip,
23822 We don't want accountability and transparency to take a back seat in this crisis.
23823 So then we can agree on synchronised, or even better, coordinated measures to protect the world economy from a more serious shock,
23824 Jianhai has played a critical role at the IMF,
23825 The shock of coronavirus is unusual, affects supply and demand and restricts mobility.
23826 No.... You're far from that. But it is a significant slowdown, not the recession,
23827 In this regard, the measures adopted thus far go in the direction of restoring macroeconomic stability and protecting the poor,
23828 If we give in to blind self-confidence, the epidemic could rebound and the virus exploit us when we are off guard,
23829 They are badly affected by outward capital flows, and domestic activity will be severely impacted as countries respond to the epidemic,
23830 In our current baseline scenario, announced policies are implemented and China's economy would return to normal in the second quarter. As a result, the impact on the world economy would be relatively minor and short-lived,
23831 Only under the spirit of solidarity, brotherhood, and social discipline, will we be able to overcome the situation that comes our way and we will know how to protect the life and wellbeing of our peoples.
23832 reduced by 0.3% what would have been the cost on the world economy.
23833 it is absolutely necessary to cushion the world's largest economy against an abrupt drop in economic activities
23834 We are in a better place in January 2020 than we were in October 2019,
23835 We were surprised to see MxB present on, and in, mitochondria,
23836 We were surprised to see MxB present on, and in, mitochondria. That it is both induced in response to infection and vital to mitochondrial integrity is exciting, considering that HIV and herpes alter mitochondria during infection,
23837 All of these measures, taken together, will ensure that Irish football has a secure future,
23838 It's just nice to know that the community is there for the animals and that we're all in this together, and we're here to help each other, too. And that's just the best feeling.
23839 There is a cell there for you anyhow,
23840 We have absolutely maintained rigidly we are not going to bail out anybody, that is not on the cards.
23841 All judges are given to me in advance to look at -- maybe two or three days -- which means that we are, basically, proofing them from political favouritism,
23842 As soon as deposits, especially the government agencies' funds, are available, the banks would be able to implement the lending rate,
23843 But now the situation could change and we will finance all the expenses we have undertaken and are obliged to make with this treasure chest.
23844 We believe that the recent bout of FX market volatility is unlikely to trigger a CBR response so long as the trend does not extend into this week,
23845 If everybody stays home for six months, then, you know, it's hard to -- it's going to be like the Great Depression,
23846 And even the big moves that we're seeing right now in Congress are not going to be enough.
23847 If everybody just stays home for six months, then it's going to be like the Great Depression,
23848 If there is going to be full contact training, then I think prudence would dictate that shouldn't occur without clearance from the chief health officer.
23849 There is absolutely no doubt tourism, amongst many other sectors of our economy, will be impacted quite significantly for as long as this travel ban continues,
23850 Iran right now is reeling from the assassination, but the leadership is dominated by hardliners and the question is how, not whether, they will respond,
23851 That feeling of job security is very important.
23852 Further big drops are likely in April, because lockdowns began to bite hard only in mid-March, so roughly half the month was largely unaffected by the virus crisis,
23853 The first job of the government is to prevent social breakdown,
23854 With another week of huge job losses now underway we'd guess that the true unemployment rate right now is about 12.5%.
23855 We expect the Fed to purchase $60 billion of securities across the spectrum for the foreseeable future: QE4 is here.
23856 We are pencilling-in a 20% plunge in discretionary consumers' spending in the second quarter, enough alone to subtract some eight percentage points from GDP growth. At the same time, we expect a steep drop in business capex as firms seek to preserve cash,
23857 Expectations persist for the downside on the data front to get much worse before improving,
23858 they were less terrible, compared to seasonal norms, than in December.
23859 The plunge in the deficit is over, but exporters still under pressure,
23860 appear to have over-estimated the real impact of the trade war
23861 It's important to have the investment and technological capabilities to upkeep the network and make it evolve... this is something only Telecom Italia has in Italy,
23862 Every private company acting in the market has to understand that this is a business opportunity, not a cost.
23863 The economy is a clear asset for him,
23864 There are the direct costs of disruption such as mothballing facilities and stopping supplier deliveries, as well as the competitive losses in market share, sales, and profits,
23865 The mortgage market in 2019 had its best year since the height of the precrisis boom, the latest sign that housing is firming up after showing signs of weakness early last year. Lenders extended $2.4 trillion in home loans last year, the most since 2006, according to... Inside Mortgage Finance. That was also a 46% increase from 2018.
23866 There is no simple answer to this tragic dilemma between two humanitarian crises -- the spread of the virus and the devastation caused by the lockdown -- but some basic principles apply,
23867 These are the complementary economic measures, that in the short run, when people can neither work nor consume as freely as they would have, are absolutely essential to minimise the economic pain and prevent short-term economic shocks.
23868 Undeniably, what we are facing today is a very serious situation but it's also something that's temporary. As we deal with it as best we can, we also need to look to the other side when things do recover,
23869 It's also important to repeat that we are expecting a recovery once the virus is contained. The timing and strength of that recovery will depend upon how successful we are as a nation in building that bridge to the other side,
23870 perhaps we are getting to that crossover point
23871 China is a larger part of the global and it is more closely integrated, including with Australia, so the international spillovers could be larger than they were back in 2003.
23872 The Australian Government has also developed a complementary program of support for the non-bank financial sector, small lenders and the securitisation market, which will be implemented by the AOFM [ Australian Office of Financial Management ].
23873 It will continue to ensure that the financial system has sufficient liquidity.
23874 The Reserve Bank Board has discussed these consequences extensively, but the evidence is that lower interest rates do benefit the community as a whole, although I acknowledge that the effects are uneven,
23875 At the moment, I think it's affecting confidence of people and therefore ultimately spending.
23876 It's affecting the availability and pricing of insurance, these extreme weather events, and it's affecting how we generate and distribute power.
23877 progress is being made towards full employment
23878 In response, the Reserve Bank stands ready to purchase Australian government bonds in the secondary market to support the smooth functioning of that market, which is a key pricing benchmark for the Australian financial system,
23879 very unhelpful and inconsistent with the time of crisis that we're in
23880 send a message that Virgin was in trouble and would not survive
23881 It's a serious proposal but we still have an open mind on whether it addresses the problem. So we're seeking comment, and we'll take that comment into account as we continue to make our decision as to whether to approve or not approve the merger,
23882 It's got to be clearly false as opposed to something someone believes is false and that is a tricky line. I don't think you can take it to the bushfires at this stage, it is too contested.
23883 Indeed, average netback prices expected for 2020 have been under $7/GJ since November 2019, which is well below prices being offered to domestic buyers.
23884 We're going to call it out quite a bit,
23885 In the end, only four players from the 35-man squad-Harrison Barnes, Kemba Walker, Khris Middleton and Myles Turner-played in the games,
23886 Although the very recent changes to NBN Co's products and pricing are helpful, the ACCC is continuing to consider whether further action is needed to make sure consumers aren't worse off when they switch to the NBN.
23887 Without the sale of five beer and cider brands including Strongbow and Stella Artois, the combined Asahi-CUB company would have accounted for two thirds of cider sales in Australia, and owned the two largest cider brands, Somersby and Strongbow,
23888 People [ mistakenly ] thought they were getting discounts when in fact they weren't. It's absolutely outrageous.
23889 We might have some goals for the future. We might have some things we want to do now. But the world is trying to derail us,
23890 We've been dealing with four different phenomena at the same time -- rough seas, winds, fires and the [ sandstorm ], which has had a huge effect on the day-to-day life in the Canaries,
23891 Folks, there are so many deep priority needs for our state when it comes to funding,
23892 What Iran has requested for is RFI, Rapid Financial Instrument, which is an automatic instrument that governments and countries can use when they are in need of some financing,
23893 While we have to watch the risk, we do not expect this to happen.
23894 Considering all the other restrictions on movement already in place in Europe, in and of itself the ban is not a huge economic event,
23895 Despite near-term disruptions, slowing down the rise of Covid-19 cases would be worth a lot. Ultimately the course which the disease takes will matter more for the global economy and markets than any monetary and fiscal action.
23896 The recovery could begin in June as the spread of the virus slows down and a surge in government spending enables health systems to cope better than before but even with a rebound in H2 2020 [ the second half of 2020 ], annual GDP for the year as a whole would decline by 1% in the Eurozone and 0.7% in the UK. Previously, we had expected -0.1% yoy [ year-on-year ] for the Eurozone and 0.9% yoy for the UK as our base case. From such a low level, GDP could rebound by 2.0% in the Eurozone and by 2.3% in the UK in 2021,
23897 a development and environmental equity-oriented approach to the climate change problematique,
23898 So, the catastrophe of climate change is already on us. We are not waiting for, you know, the next century or for our children. We are the children we are talking about who are suffering from climate change. And unfortunately, the talks that we are seeing in Doha are not reflecting the urgency that is required by what is happening out in the world.
23899 Colby was a respected and admired teammate, family member and friend to so many across the hockey community and community at large. We wanted to work closely with Colby's wife Emily, parents Allan and Jennifer, and sister Taylor to help create a powerful and lasting memory and legacy of Colby's impact on our organization and the communities he played in.
23900 It's so far away, we haven't even started talking about it,
23901 a great friend who had an amazing ability to lead and took that great passion for the team and his community in building CSEC into a sports and entertainment force in Calgary.
23902 Complacency is our greatest enemy at this time.
23903 People should not be trivializing this disease -- while it is for most a mild to moderate illness, for some it's not.
23904 This will obviously be kept under constant review.
23905 Families drive as far away as they need to from Toronto to be able to afford a house,
23906 I would recommend that if you want to rebut the evidence in the manuscript, then you should look at the evidence presented in the manuscript.
23907 If you extrapolate past trends and taking account of the likelihood of some weakening in the Australian economy, it is quite likely that underemployment will continue to rise.
23908 The biggest concern that I have is when someone calls me after Passover and tells me they sat alone, and had nowhere to go, and had no family, and weren't able to enjoy the spirit of the holiday,
23909 The increasingly emerging new technologies in wind power, electric vehicles and hydrogen have nurtured the investment appetite. But these technologies have not matured,
23910 There is nothing to celebrate in a likely decline in emissions driven by economic crisis because in the absence of the right policies and structural measures, this decline will not be sustainable,
23911 We want 2019 to be remembered as the year of peak in global emissions and the 2020's as the decade of the decline in emissions. And the energy sector is ready to be part of the solution.
23912 That effort requires the oil & gas industry to be firmly and fully on board.
23913 We certainly see the lowest oil demand growth in the last 10 years and we may need to revise it... downwards,
23914 Without measures by governments, cheaper energy always leads consumers to use it less efficiently. It reduces the appeal of buying more efficient cars or retrofitting homes and offices to save energy.
23915 These plans provide a structure that encourages saving by allowing people to pay themselves first. We believe that 401 (k) s are an important, foundational first step toward a successful retirement.
23916 We have started discussions with the Minister for Employment and Labour Relations, we are institutionalizing this meeting in such a way that the framework for developing the quarterly labour market survey would be jointly owned by the Ministry of Employment and Labour Relations and the Ghana Statistical Service.
23917 Yes Hamburg c'mon you know LG x (sic)
23918 Stormzy in Reading Fest. Awful and worst line-up I've ever seen in Reading fest history lol.
23919 Because if he thinks I'm joining the High Flying Birds but calling it Oasis, he's got another thing coming.
23920 After album no3 I'm gon na split up with myself I just don't think I'll be able to work with myself any longer I can write what I like and so can he but I think it's for the best.
23921 P *** flap brigade.
23922 I wrote a song last year called The worlds in need - /:; () (might have to release it doesn't matter if it's out of tune as it's true c'mon you know LG x (sic)
23923 Wahey we're getting back together Noel Gallagher being minted and rich as f *** he's doing it for nothing me being a desperate **** and have f *** all else going for himself I'm doing it for the cash c'mon you know LG x (sic)
23924 an overnight success, 15 years in the making.
23925 every bit of our business was sub-optimised.
23926 as an elected representative to take a pro forma or in name only stance
23927 city council is in danger of passing a resolution on every issue is a strawman argument.
23928 In this coronavirus emergency, elected officials have a duty to act immediately and boldly to support the desperate needs of working class people created by the crisis, especially in the context where big banks, corporate landlords, and big corporations as a whole are still making money while the vast majority of the working class is facing the brunt of the crisis,
23929 By approving this resolution, the city council will go on the record opposing religious persecution and Islamophobia, the discrimination, scapegoating and oppression of Muslims, poor people and marginalized communities by the Hindu fundamentalist regime of the Bharatiya Janata Party, or the BJP and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
23930 By approving this resolution, the city council will urge the United States Congress to support legislation censuring the Indian BJP government for adopting policies that are discriminatory to Muslims, oppressed castes, women, indigenous and LGBTQ people,
23931 Every recession has its different flavour and the speed of this was just breathtaking.
23932 Shameful does not even begin to describe this.
23933 [ It's ] people kind of looking around and saying, `Oh my God, we're 10 years into this recovery. The unemployment rate is 3.6%. Why am I not seeing decent wage increases? '
23934 Undocumented immigrants do not have access to any of the unemployment insurance benefits,
23935 Not having to do that will speed up the recovery,
23936 If we had a timely unemployment statistic, the unemployment rate probably would be up to 12 or 13% at this point and moving higher,
23937 we need to do a better job of equipping young people with the skills needed to succeed in the labor market,
23938 The Fed is doing everything they can to keep financial markets functioning and credit available to households and firms,
23939 By longstanding agreement, the Treasury speaks for the U.S. government on international economic policy and the dollar,
23940 In that scenario, the recession may be deep, but at least it will have been short. But that isn't the only possible scenario: if critical economic relationships are disrupted by months of low activity, the economy may take a very long time to recover.
23941 If you target individuals... let's start out by saying, most of the people in Russia are victims of the same individuals that killed Sergei Magnitsky or did other things like that. Therefore, if you were to sanction the country, the people would be victimised twice. First by the dictators and then by the sanctions. However, if you sanction the individuals then you're going straight to the problem as opposed to creating unexpected consequences among the victims.
23942 enhance Russian propaganda and disinformation,
23943 If I could do it all over again, I would never have gone to Russia in the first place. I would gladly trade all my business for Sergei's life. I now understand how completely naive I was to think that as a foreigner I was somehow immune to the barbarity of the Russian system.
23944 The people who killed Sergei Magnitsky killed him for money. They keep it in the west, in the US, in Canada, etc,
23945 It is essential for the government to take his resignation for peace to return. A few months back, there was a compromise [ over a proposed fee hike that was resisted by the students ] that was worked out by the HRD Secretary between the students and the V-C. It is strange that the HRD Secretary was transferred while the V-C continued in his post,
23946 It has been 72 hours but Delhi Police has not arrested anyone. This is being done intentionally. We demanded that those responsible for the incident should be arrested,
23947 I left the ministry in July 2011 and thereafter, the reintroduction Cheetah project went through numerous twists and turns, finally landing up in, of all places, the Supreme Court,
23948 In that period, Krishna Menon played an important role in convincing Nehru that Partition was inevitable... V P Menon sold the idea of Partition to Patel. Both Menons had come round to the view that the Muslim League and the Congress could not work together,
23949 You will see over the next three to four weeks how we will create awareness among the people on economic issues. The nation is agitated about the citizenship issue today but the grave economic situation deserves no less attention. The economic crisis is dangerous and grave repercussions are bound to affect every section of the society in the coming months.
23950 We (the party) have fought it (the Citizenship Amendment Bill) in Parliament. We lost. We are now fighting it in the Supreme Court. We have passed resolutions in states where we are in power. As a responsible political party... our methods of protests have to be constitutional, peaceful and democratic.
23951 It is not clear to me that GW's academic reputation or status has benefited from this substantial increase in debt,
23952 pave the way for negotiations among Afghans.
23953 It's important for Iraq, but it is also important for us, because when we train them, help them in fighting ISIS and international terrorism, we're making our own countries safe and secure.
23954 This is a global health crisis
23955 NATO calls on Iran to refrain from further violence. Allies continue to consult & remain committed to our training mission in Iraq,
23956 operational readiness is maintained.
23957 If we don't do that we will have a big problem, for certain, and then we may end up 2-3 years down the road back in a big combat operation,
23958 it is not a decision taken by the global coalition, nor Nato.
23959 NATO calls on Iran to refrain from further violence. Allies continue to consult and remain committed to our training mission in Iraq,
23960 received a high degree of recognition from the Central United Front Work Department and the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
23961 Something like one to two tenths of a percent, so also consequential.
23962 This is another hit to the U.S. economy,
23963 The global economy was already very weak because of the trade war, and it would not take much to shove it on its heels,
23964 consistent with low and stable unemployment.
23965 If Chinese workers and students aren't able to travel to their jobs and universities for over two months, this will cause significant adjustments and economic costs.
23966 That supports consumer confidence. That helps in terms of cash -- stockholders can realize those gains, it makes it easier for them to borrow,
23967 It may be what economists call a black swan -- a rare and inherently unforeseeable event with severe consequences.
23968 A global recession is likely if COVID-19 becomes a pandemic, and the odds of that are uncomfortably high.
23969 If Congress gets this together quickly, it would help to soothe frayed nerves from the falling markets,
23970 The only thing, obviously: If the virus becomes a pandemic and significantly destroys the global economy and the U.S. economy, it doesn't matter how low rates can go.
23971 The line between an expanding economy and recession is crossed when investors, businesses and-most important-consumers lose faith. Faith that they will have a job, that they will receive a paycheck, and that their retirement nest egg is safe.
23972 The Islamic Republic had defied the predictions of regime change proponents who presaged its economic and political collapse,
23973 Unemployment is high, inflation is high. They're running out of foreign exchange,
23974 There is an unhappiness curve.
23975 And so that made me think, `Well, we need to go back and redo it, '
23976 As we approach the age of 50, the sense of our own mortality begins to dawn upon us,
23977 Without healthy diets, we cannot hope to end malnutrition -- and we will not eradicate hunger unless we curb food losses. The UN has taken a decisive step to promote fairer, greener, more efficient food systems,
23978 But I think a firefighter has never been criticized for using too much water.
23979 severity and duration of its effects
23980 Quite a lot has happened during the past three months. Global economic growth appears to have bottomed, as shown by an upturn in trade and manufacturing indicators,
23981 The global economy will, at the very least, be significantly disrupted by COVID-19 in the first half of the year,
23982 The labour market, that's easy right? We can ask firms, how many people are working for you? How much are they making? Those are real. The survey part, the household part, of course it's a survey, but even so, it has stood the test of time.
23983 COVID-19 is having a significant impact on our economy, an impact that continues to evolve. At this stage, the full breadth and the scope of the impact remain unknown,
23984 can be very unhealthy.
23985 help create the path to a sustainable world
23986 Market pricing showing a BoE rate cut leads to inflation outcome above target, inconsistent with BoE remit.
23987 whether the new decade is starting with a bang.
23988 lines of communication are wide open
23989 We are much closer to a fiscal-monetary collaboration. They are out of optimal monetary policy tools.
23990 It's reasonably plausible that the demand impact would be greater than the supply impact in the near term because of confidence effects,
23991 While CBDC (central bank digital currency) poses a number of opportunities, it could raise significant challenges for maintaining monetary and financial stability... and would need to be very carefully designed if it were to be introduced,
23992 Activity is likely to weaken materially in the coming months. The reduction in bank rate will help bolster confidence at this difficult time.
23993 To be clear these are still early days and it's less of a case of so far so good than so far good enough. Although the global economy looks to be recovering, caution is warranted. Evidence of a pick-up in growth is not yet widespread.
23994 prevent a temporary disruption from causing longer lasting economic harm
23995 that if you add up the policies of all of the companies out there, they are consistent with warming of 3.7-3.8 C
23996 Companies and industries that are not moving towards zero-carbon emissions will be punished by investors, and go bankrupt,
23997 too early to tell what it means for the UK, or its magnitude... the system is functioning. We're very confident about that, and we're on top of it.
23998 The best way to have a point of view on it is to watch the whole thing. Consider it. Digest it all. There are so many twists and turns. The arcs are so deep and textured
23999 specific, real acts of trauma.
24000 I think I wanted it to feel like a microcosm of what the show is. It begins as this kind of utopic, `70s Brady Bunch sitcom and then very slowly, you feel a little off kilter and a little unnerved. And then the poppy sort of utopia begins to descend into this scintillating unease and then into this direct, overt horror.
24001 There is a stadium in Alabama named after von Braun, who will be a character in our series,
24002 The inflation was related to COVID-19 as the outbreak increased demand for hygiene products and online orders of food and beverages due to the social distancing policy,
24003 Today I held all consultations with Finance Minister Anton Siluanov. Of course, there are funds that were indicated in the address. For this year is about 450 billion rubles ($7.3 bln), the four-year plan needs about 4 trillion rubles,
24004 People should already now be feeling real changes for the better,
24005 In order to improve the organization of work of Russia's government, to optimize the structure and number of employees of the apparatus of the government: approve the attached structure of the apparatus of the government,
24006 We find that the US is saying that India is not falling in line with its line on the trade deal s. There may be defence deals and the purchase of equipment is decided by the government on the basis of requirements. On trade deal part, from RCEP days to date, Indian govt is taking a tough stand,
24007 expect a temporary positive market reaction when central banks signal an accommodative response to the global pandemic. But this reaction will fizzle out when the virus becomes more severe and the economic impact spreads globally.
24008 There's billions and billions of transactions,
24009 My advice is: put your money into cash and safe government bonds, like German bunds,
24010 Very severe, but short recession
24011 Europe is afraid of closing its borders, which is a huge mistake,
24012 In the long run, unless we have an economic model, a social model, and an ecological model that appeals to the rest of the world, China may be the winner of this great rivalry,
24013 I'm just glad she didn't hit him with it,
24014 To say that we're going to close them all, or even a significant number of them, is I think foolish if we're serious about addressing climate change and the climate crisis,
24015 As a former CEO... of a major drug company, do you agree with these concerns?
24016 At a time when our country is facing record debt and a nearly $1 trillion federal deficit, it is simply unacceptable that federal agencies continue to make billions of dollars in improper payments,
24017 We see him all the time, not just when he's running for election,
24018 This is the quickest way we can jumpstart government-wide climate action,
24019 In my view, the priority should be right now to stop a collapse in output capacity, both in the United States and Europe. I think it's critical to keep companies that are basically good and solvent alive... so when the pandemic is finally wound down, we can revive production quickly,
24020 moment of serious reckoning for China's economy
24021 The hopeful narrative about 2020 heralding a modest rebound in global growth now lies in ruins,
24022 My primary responsibility is to you, to make sure you are safe, to make sure your families are safe, to make sure you can function where you are under the best possible conditions health and security-wise,
24023 Even in wartime, ceasefires are called for humanitarian reasons. In such situations, there is a time to pause for relief materials to reach affected populations. The novel coronavirus is a war against all of us. All lives matter,
24024 I am very pleased to appoint her to step up into this role as Acting Senior Vice President, as the Bank manages this senior leadership transition, to ensure stability and continuity of our work and operations. I am confident she will do very well. She will continue to hold simultaneously her position as Vice President for Finance and Chief Finance Officer in this interim period
24025 The youth must be prepared for the jobs of the future-not the jobs of the past,
24026 The BJP kept its promise there. In WB we need to do the same, and in the national interest,
24027 meant for religious conversions in India
24028 in the courts if he wants.
24029 any black money or corruption where babus and netas start using crypto instead of currency notes,
24030 I can tell you that's the misinterpretation of Article 14. Article 14 guarantees equality of equals.
24031 So how to get that 3.7 per cent (efficiency factor to utilize investments)? (We need to) fight corruption, second, reward those who will invest. Don't terrorise them (investors) with income tax and this GST, which is the biggest madness of the 21st century. Close This GST is so complicated (that) nobody understands which form to fill where. And they wanted it to be uploaded to the computer. Somebody came from Rajasthan, Barmer... He said we don't have electricity, how can we upload? So I said upload it on your head and go to the Prime Minister and tell him,
24032 1920 was our first republic day, and today, after 69 years, we have remained a democratic country. On this Republic Day, all Indians should take pride in what we have achieved. Today, India is the 3rd largest GDP country in the world. We also have the 3rd largest army in the world which makes us a powerful country. We have a very large young generation who are the future of India, and we hope in the next 50 years, India is amongst one of the developed countries in the world.
24033 Will another bank sink today?
24034 The fundamentals of the US economy were solid in 2019 and continuing into 2020,
24035 But I do agree it's a challenging situation. We're going to keep on top of it.
24036 significant global growth headwinds.
24037 There won't be a deep, comprehensive trade deal,
24038 nearly 260 per cent after the Second World War,
24039 This obviously concerned me so I self reported to Tasmania police this morning to clear up any community anxieties and make a public statement on this issue.
24040 They're very angry that it's been deliberately lit and they're very aware that Douglas-Apsley is very dry.
24041 walk away from this madness
24042 We have to be realistic that there's a limit on what monetary policy can achieve in this environment,
24043 are drinking themselves to death, or poisoning themselves with drugs, or shooting or hanging themselves.
24044 came as a complete surprise when the government on 8 November 2016 announced that all currency notes of denominations Rs 1,000 and Rs 500, accounting for 86 per cent of the value of currency with the public, were no longer legal tender. Holders of these notes were given up to 31 December to take the notes to banks to convert them into new notes. The decision was originally presented as a decisive attack on black money and corruption, but as that particular justification seemed difficult to sustain, several other justifications were advanced.
24045 Either they feel cornered by the Fed to act, or they sit this one out to leave room for fiscal measures and show they can remain above the fray.
24046 improving the consumption of nutritious and safe food for all people, especially the most vulnerable to malnutrition.
24047 it's an issue of `right vs. wrong' not `right vs. left.
24048 The Fed is trying to show the nation that it's awake... and it will provide support for the economy as need be,
24049 We hope the lecture dispels some of the myths and misinformation surrounding the event and that attendees will learn the whole story from Mike Cox, who wrote the first book about the Crash at Crush,
24050 Without credibility, proclamations that it is safe won't work, and a private lockdown will replace the government-mandated one,
24051 We have to build companies a time machine,
24052 You can see a lot of people right next to the dumpsters. Go to the farmers market in the evening. The poor will collect the wasted [ produce ] while the sellers are tidying up their stalls,
24053 Our country and our world are in a struggle against the COVID-19 outbreak. As known, this pandemic has the potential to bring about destructive impacts on our economy and social life in the case necessary measures are not taken,
24054 They are looking around, but they cannot find a way out,
24055 The government may not support our proposals or can find them not sufficient. But we know that a quick solution to the Idlib problem can be found if it endorses our proposals,
24056 They do not have concern for the future. But in the public's Turkey, there is concern for the future. Our youth has given up hope and are looking for their future in foreign countries,
24057 Almost everything takes time. It doesn't happen overnight,
24058 I am ready to do business with the devil,
24059 If you have job security and emergency reserves intact, you should buy, buy, buy as much as you can and get to the max as soon as you can. You don't know where the bottom is, but you're far from the top,
24060 No wonder this was basically agreed last spring,
24061 So when I sit there looking at choices that one has to make and somebody says, `well you don't have the money to do free SHS' , I say I don't have a choice. The President wants that and every Ghanaian citizen deserves it to be able to be given a platform from which he or she can move. $3billion [ Eurobond ] to the market woman means that if your child is in school, the Free SHS programme will continue because we can continue to fund it. If you are worried about foreign currency, this helps with regards to stability,
24062 The attitudinal change and transformation that we seek to achieve will not be achieved over a short time. We need to get the buy-in of all Ghanaians. The agenda is not for the New Patriotic Party or any political party. Successive governments are free to design programmes to achieve specific targets of the agenda,
24063 There is going to be quite a number of meetings between the Ministry, the Bank of Ghana and the Ghana Investment Promotion Centre to discuss so that we will create this instrument, which will enable the funds to flow and how to get the retail impact of this investment account,
24064 The ECB's commercial paper purchases: A targeted response to the economic disturbances caused by COVID-19
24065 There could be some signaling that they will look at the measure of inflation they target and there's also discussion over whether they should discuss the policy tools available.
24066 The question is do you want to control the movement of people, restrict the circulation of labour which has been the Brexit way, or do you want to better control the movement of capital and how much investors are able to avoid taxation.
24067 doing everything possible to guarantee and improve the lowest pensions (between one and three times the minimum wage), even if that means a bigger ask of those on very high salaries and with assets.
24068 There are doubts whether from now on fair and neutral elections can be held in this country in future,
24069 Very few Americans have cushions to be able to live for months without pay, and low-wage workers, even less so.
24070 wealthy investors and corporate borrowers with cheap money, while savers with ordinary bank accounts have been obliged to accept next-to-nothing returns.
24071 I believe he was testing the idea
24072 add to growth down the road,
24073 an important threat in principle,
24074 I am confident that the Corporation will give it the thought and consideration it deserves,
24075 They are places where individuals are encouraged both to listen and to speak, where the value of an idea is discussed and debated -- not suppressed or silenced.
24076 peers throughout the world.
24077 I don't see particular warning signs now but again, you never know,
24078 I think, frankly, it has been proven. It does work, and frankly, I think there's even too little indexing now. There ought to be even more indexing,
24079 I'm guessing that these were mostly the larger firms... so it's in the interests of everyone to delay, to delay, to delay.
24080 Regardless of where the virus spreads, the world economy, previously weakened by persistent trade and political tensions, has already suffered a sharp setback,
24081 The unleashing of global death and suffering with the coronavirus, a plague upon all of us, is worse than Pearl Harbor, and given its deception, and later, cover-up, lack any semblance of Honor,
24082 Until a vaccine is available, nobody is going out to work, play or go to school. The economy, national, regional and global we knew is dead, it's not coming back,
24083 You may not like what he did, fine. I do, other people may not, but he did the job,
24084 Based on some of the data we have, people feel more comfortable going to a restaurant than a grocery store, because they're aware more than ever that grocery stores are open systems -- everybody has access to everything,
24085 Just because the shelf is empty, doesn't mean the food won't be there the next day,
24086 Farm gate prices are depressed but retail prices are still going up, which is interesting,
24087 Economic indicators will likely show significant improvement in the second quarter and the Chinese economy will return to potential output level rather swiftly,
24088 I do not believe we're at the absolute bottom yet due to the fact that the implications of this closure are amazing,
24089 In China, with a command economy, they can really put resources behind the cure and the solution. So I don't think it will be as long as people expect,
24090 We can expect continuing volatility,
24091 I don't think there is a rule of nature that will keep rates at their current level forever,
24092 The outcome should be that we have an inflation objective that everyone on the Governing Council explains in identical terms,
24093 One of the other actions the Fed has taken is to really encourage the banks to continue lending.
24094 Our policy is badly out of position compared with historic norms,
24095 I can tell you we understand the sense of urgency and the Fed is working as quickly as possible.
24096 I preferred to stage our policy actions by first providing liquidity to improve market functioning, supported by a smaller reduction in the funds rate,
24097 people are responding in ways they respond to other uncertainties. Like in an impending hurricane, they are stocking up on canned goods, toilet paper, etc.
24098 Road Map: Monetary and Financial Sector Policies for 2020 and Beyond
24099 The world has been put in a great lockdown,
24100 Central banks should be prepared to provide liquidity to banks and financial companies, especially those who lend to more vulnerable small - and medium-sized businesses,
24101 lagged behind the global average
24102 We need to revive domestic investment in India, consumption spending is weak. So I think the environment has to be created for greater investment because that's what will raise the capital stock and raise India's potential growth,
24103 This is something... I have been waiting for. A lot of research is being done on him in various institutions, but no one had, so far, come up with such an idea,
24104 Global hotel giants are now more exposed to Asia, meaning any downfall in revenue could hurt deeper,
24105 It's a responsibility I think central banks don't want,
24106 Of course, another effect of the lack of paid sick leave is that many people will go to work sick, causing the virus to spread more widely,
24107 You have a lot of businesses that are going to be largely shut down for two to three months,
24108 This requires a 40 percent increase this year and another 40 percent increase in 2021. That seems like a stretch goal,
24109 When a country has a successful labour trade, this brings about evolution of the economy, then it can be referred to as a developed economy. The establishment of these two tools, land and labour, will bring about economic evolution,
24110 For most people this is a beautiful teaching, it's a great teaching. It empowers people to feel the presence of the divine in their lives. But for other people, they take that further and there's a sense that God has a special message for them, not for other people, and they take that to extremes,
24111 If you wanted to really make a difference in a bunch of families' lives right now, and you absolutely didn't need those dollars, I would really consider passing that along to an organization that does a lot of good for a lot of people,
24112 Once we got that, we felt like we hit a triple,
24113 The latest CREA data shows that the national average home price surged 9.6% year-over-year in December. A lower stress test rate would make a busy spring housing market even more active.
24114 There's no doubt that this House Democratic bill is also full of a lot of items that have nothing to do with the virus,
24115 This idea that excessive income and wealth inequality is a bad thing in and of itself is deeply rooted in the US, which was created in part in reaction against the highly unequal and aristocratic European societies of the 18th century,
24116 It would stabilize the wealth of billionaires,
24117 This will be a test of will and competence. Thousands, perhaps millions, of lives depend on it,
24118 We confirm the boycott,
24119 Anyone who phones up and says a member of their family is sick with virus symptoms are not given any assurances that they won't be penalised if they stay off and self isolate so they are coming in to work. Call centres in general are a hotbed for disease as people share desks.
24120 He obviously thinks the Left was a momentary phase in our history and that we should be apologised for and forgotten.
24121 Census like an election-with people, policies, and technology in place to protect against Census interference.
24122 Lori has a great metaphor for careers,
24123 After exploring various locations throughout the region, we decided Ireland was the best place,
24124 men are supposed to sweep us off our feet,
24125 Yes, he got down on one knee. And when he proposed, he had a letter for me -- and I had a letter for him, because we took this step together,
24126 Everybody who works in supply chain just rues the day when this bullwhip effect gets started,
24127 The right question is who has a factory in their supply chain for which there are employees who went home to Wuhan or any of the other cities with significant numbers of infected people for the Lunar New Year? And what will happen when they start to come back, whenever that turns out to be?
24128 From the onset of any project, our customers can strategically plan for the entire life span of their idea,
24129 Keep only essential services open. The government pays wages until we reopen.
24130 [ T ] he infection rate will plummet,
24131 This will enable the inevitable viral breakouts to be identified early and minimized with localized quarantines, reducing the impact on the overall U.S. economy and the need for future shutdowns,
24132 Over the last eight years, I have come to love the Brown community -- faculty, students, staff, and alumni -- and I'm really thrilled to extend my service to this exceptional institution. I am proud to be a part of the deep intellectual engagement, creativity and shared commitment to service that I see every day at Brown. Collaborating with individuals across the Brown extended family has been an extraordinary experience, and I must express my deep gratitude to the trustees and fellows for their unending support,
24133 strongly encouraged to travel home.
24134 difficulty returning to their home country due to the prevalence of COVID-19,
24135 This is not just a Jewish issue. I have heard from people in the Catholic community about Ash Wednesday and Good Friday, in the Muslim community, from people know the Latino community about Dio de Los Reyes -- about three Kings day,
24136 feel relaxed enough to speak frankly while maintaining camaraderie of purpose and mutual respect
24137 Back then you had to fight against Milton Friedman, who gave a moral justification to profit maximization,
24138 We will do well only if others do well alongside us,
24139 Businesses now have to fully embrace stakeholder capitalism, which means not only maximizing profits, but use their capabilities and resources in cooperation with governments and civil society to address the key issues of this decade. They have to actively contribute to a more cohesive and sustainable world,
24140 People aren't going to either have the money because they have been out of work, or the appetite.
24141 It will start to ease as the social distancing restrictions start to ease over the course of the year, and unemployment will come down to say 8 to 10 per cent
24142 I am very worried about excessive asset price inflation in Australia,
24143 The ECB, the US Federal Reserve and the entire central bank community are watching very closely what is happening in Sweden, it is an interesting empirical example,
24144 the `global war against baby girls' has opened a front in the United States of America,
24145 The government in Pyongyang is looking to establish a new normal: one where it gets to threaten San Francisco with incineration and we get to do nothing,
24146 The government has done quite a bit in the last few months including corporate tax, announcing a lot of schemes for liquidity, for non-banking financial companies (NBFCs), for the real estate sector. The last thing that is required is for the consumption to be spurred,
24147 Media reports suggest that Sanjay Nathalal Shah, Chartered Accountant and an independent director of a few of our group companies, is alleged to be connected to Capstone.
24148 most economists believe that fundamentally that is traceable to technological change that has occurred over the past two or three decades.
24149 Television is still much more important than we understand,
24150 The big numbers should be interpreted as, this is how bad it would get if it repeated itself for a whole year.
24151 the most famous problem in game theory
24152 To me, if you don't get something right, the biggest thing you need to do is recognize it and fix it,
24153 After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision. We have reversed it and will be paying these employees their full salary,
24154 Even though I was on a busy street in New York City, with thousands of people passing me by, I felt alone. I felt like people weren't watching me.
24155 We need a much, much larger stimulus -- at least two or three times that amount,
24156 We need to reverse our profit decline and return to growth,
24157 The welfare of our customers, communities and partners is always our absolute priority,
24158 We will need multiple rounds of money for everyone,
24159 Here's a little story about my friend Haim, gave me a call about a hit I said count me in.
24160 Investing in women and ensuring they have a seat at the decision-making table is crucial for peace, social cohesion and sustainable development on the African continent,
24161 The Chinese are about to pull two giant bazookas out and stimulate the heck out of the second-largest economy in the world,
24162 Please Ackman get off CNBC before people start jumping off bridges.
24163 The year 2020-21 is expected to pose challenges on the fiscal front. On one hand the outlook for global growth persists to be weak, with escalated trade tensions adding to the risk; on the other, the pace of recovery of growth will have implications for revenue collections,
24164 We are going to experience a sharp collapse in output for one month. We have to spend 2 per cent on medical side which is slightly underestimated... For one month output loss even if we make up one third of output loss by social cushioning or propping up financial system, still it would be 3 per cent of GDP. So the number we came up with Rs 10 trillion (Centre and states combined) or 5 per cent of the GDP,
24165 Every man lives by exchanging
24166 We feel very happy about having a Japanese space communications infrastructure company Infostellar among our partners. It is of great importance for us to provide high, secure, and reliable services to our customers together with such a young, energized and, most importantly, a professional team.
24167 As Old Trafford celebrates its 110-year anniversary, these investments demonstrate our commitment to maintaining its status as one of Europe's leading football stadiums whilst preserving its unique and iconic character.
24168 Attractive valuations have enabled private equity funds to acquire companies with strong fundamentals at prices below recent norms,
24169 The culture today in most investment and financial businesses is not fit for purpose for the world we now live in.
24170 Homeowners are doing well with housing equity gains,
24171 People need to touch, people need to smell the place, people need to see the neighborhood,
24172 Hesitant home buyers will be enticed to take advantage of low interest rates,
24173 I don't want to get political but there is a lot of chat about how we are going to hell in a handcart in the 2020s but actually, most people are incredibly open-minded, warm and well-intended -- certainly much more than 100 or even 20 years ago. Open your history books. We can get better but this cast made me think we're gon na be all right.
24174 I think that would be quantitatively a much bigger deal for UCLA financially.
24175 She is also a fierce supporter of the liberal arts, encouraging students to bring their different passions, interests, and strengths together.
24176 They're meant to be off from around midnight to 4am and not the whole evening.
24177 payroll tax is probably the most favorable if you are not using premiums,
24178 They are going to put on quite an amazing show that you are not going to want to miss for halftime,
24179 It's a perfect setting for what will be a great matchup.
24180 This partnership with CPR preserves 91.5 KRCC's regional identity and Colorado College's educational mission,
24181 We have two choices: to abandon hope and ensure that the worst will happen, or to make use of the opportunities that exist and contribute to a better world. It is not a very difficult choice.
24182 By helping hoteliers get compliant simply and affordably, ADA Shield  is the gold standard for online accessibility,
24183 Dialogue does not mean discounts.
24184 There's nothing to say that you can't bring your employees back and put them on a work-sharing plan rather than just recalling some and leaving others on layoff,
24185 To survive, they are increasingly hoarding cash and tapping into their massive back-up lines of credit, placing additional strain on the banking system,
24186 We had pulled out earlier, as rightly stated by our honourable line minister,
24187 We shouldn't let anyone into a supervisory position until we're sure that they have collaboration skills, that we've worked on their emotional intelligence, that they're problem solvers, that they're willing to take some risks.
24188 Banks were feeling, as of late January, that the future for the banking industry was positive, and they're not seeing interest rates in the near future going up,
24189 Cruise lines want to register somewhere where they pay no taxes, are exempt from labor and wage statues, and don't have to follow health and safety codes,
24190 I went up in the attic, there was a box. And in that box were un-used Super Bowl Tickets between the Vikings and the Chiefs.
24191 There's a lot of funny business like this that's going on,
24192 It should be kept in mind that Bank BIC Namibia Limited is owned by multiple shareholders and the Bank of Namibia is not aware of any development that could threaten the stability of BIC Namibia at the moment,
24193 People at lower income levels are more susceptible,
24194 scenario-based analysis and forward-looking approaches
24195 She is the chair. So if you are interested, you bring such an agenda, discuss in a federalist polity as to who will do what. How can she say that states must decide,
24196 spending of CSR funds for Covid-19 is eligible CSR activity. Therefore we were confident that contributions to the Fund will qualify as CSR activity for businesses.
24197 We have to make sure the strategy materializes in concrete actions,
24198 Europe is becoming an actor of its own rights because right now as you know it is dominated by the US,
24199 I have to bring up Hong Kong.
24200 I wouldn't intend to accept that. The British Government made commitments here, as part of all the rest of us. They can't come today and congratulate us for living up to our commitments and then not live up to their own.
24201 In addition, we expect an announcement pertaining to the government's stimulus package to provide support to the affected industries and businesses. Ultimately, it will depend on the severity of the COVID-19 impact on the domestic economy as well as external factors,
24202 It will create significant growth companies we haven't even heard of yet, but it could also reshape a lot of big companies we have heard of, especially the energy majors.
24203 one additional hospitalization per day for every zip code for half of the year.
24204 One possible interpretation is that the UK public has reacted commendably well to the Government's and CMOs' [ chief medical officers' ] hand-washing and self-isolation messages.
24205 So if this were going to last just that long, $1 trillion might be enough,
24206 This committee, which I will chair, will provide a fresh look at our various structures, and report the findings to our board on an ongoing basis,
24207 We print the damn money.
24208 For us, this is about contributing to and being an integral part of a community designed to enable growth in knowledge, confidence and opportunities for Northern Ireland's innovative and entrepreneurial talent. Innovation, creative thinking and agility are fast becoming a necessity for all businesses and each year's applicants continue to inspire the local business community as we strive for a vibrant sustainable economy in Northern Ireland.
24209 require shutting down a substantial part of the economy
24210 The strong mandate from the people provides an opportunity for the authorities to move forward swiftly, and the World Bank is determined to provide support during this critical journey toward a freer, stronger Ukraine,
24211 Countries face different levels of risk and vulnerability and will require different types of assistance and levels of financial support. So flexibility and responsiveness will be crucial.
24212 This scheme is not just for studies related to health, pharmaceuticals, biology or chemistry. Instead, we want to encourage interdisciplinary studies to solve and deliberate on Covid-19,
24213 This study helps us understand where laws facilitate or hinder women's economic participation. It has incentivized countries to undertake reforms that can eliminate gender imbalances,
24214 We were delighted to be entrusted with this important project and look forward to continuing to work with RoundShield on future funds as well as the deployment of fund IV,
24215 A man can certainly be the more flexible member of the household, though he typically is not. Such decisions need to be made couple by couple.
24216 has tools to restore liquidity to markets
24217 Some of the things I knew how to do, and others I needed to learn on the job.
24218 I am deeply honored to be proposed for this position at the IMF. I have had the opportunity to work closely with the Fund and its staff and I hold them in the highest possible esteem. I look forward to building on my experience working with the IMF, as well as my work with colleagues at the G-7, G-20, the Financial Stability Board, the World Bank and other international financial institutions -- and to help further strengthen cooperation between the Fund and all its member countries.
24219 Though really, the best place to sit is away from any passenger who's coughing or sneezing. There was a perimeter around the person with increased risk,
24220 Research has shown that there is very little risk of any communicable disease being transmitted on board an aircraft,
24221 When the interest rate on reserves falls, this incentivizes banks to create more credit, resulting in an increase in the money supply,
24222 16 jurisdictions [ Antigua and Barbuda, Armenia, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cabo Verde, Cook Islands, Curaao, Marshall Islands, Montenegro, Nauru, Niue, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Vietnam ] managed to implement all the necessary reforms to comply with EU tax good governance principles ahead of the agreed deadline and are therefore removed from Annex II.
24223 He seemed quite perky,
24224 didn't grab the bottom
24225 drinking more than usual, not just that night, but in general
24226 Just over a year ago when we finished civil action, judicial review, I said I had great faith in the courts system of Scotland -- that faith has been much reinforced today.
24227 If you already clench and grind, stress could make the habit worse. It can lead to problems with the Temporomandibular joint that's located in front of your ear where the skull and lower jaw meet. Try a night guard, worn as you sleep, or another appliance to help you stop or curb your grinding. During the day, try to keep your teeth slightly apart when you're not eating.
24228 the deeper into the population of firms likely closures will occur, and the greater the feedback into consumer incomes and expectations,
24229 the greatest thing since the next coming.
24230 In a great state like Maryland, that is not something that we should expect as normal or OK.
24231 While the identities of the attackers remain unclear, what is clear is that many of those attacked were activists, and neither the government-appointed administration nor the police intervened. And this was in a capital city where everyone is usually on high alert,
24232 Only internal cohesion and economic growth and not majoritarianism
24233 If the virus spreads, as it has spread in Italy and the United States, we have to take it very seriously. What you see in these countries is a tremendous effect on public health, the overburdening of many hospitals and many deaths and of course, when that is happening economic activity is hard to carry on,
24234 Countries like South Korea and Germany, which are able to pursue testing of acute Covid-19 infections followed by isolation on a massive scale, the universally agreed first line policy for controlling an epidemic, have experienced better trajectories so far. This was the initial strategy followed by PHE in the UK but was not sustained as we did not have the testing capacity at that time. Ramping up testing capacity as outlined by the government is key to being able to restore such a strategy.
24235 We're always making trade-offs between exposure to risk and money. Government certainly does that on our behalf all the time. We could drive road fatalities down to zero if we wanted to. Everyone would have a separate lane, the lane would have airbags on both sides of it, and it would be impossible for you to injure yourself or anyone else. We choose not to do that because it would cost too much money. The value of a statistical life tries to find where people are just indifferent between more money and a change in a probability of death.
24236 We're pleased with the growth trajectory of GCP, which we see in customer momentum, the growing size of the average contract, and -- of course -- revenues,
24237 There's a valuable added governance discipline when you have additional voices at the table,
24238 He extends his sincerest condolences to the Rush family - as he did at the time of her death.
24239 managing and training new arrivals, not competing with them!
24240 Myself, my mum and our family would like to thank everyone who has had helped us through this difficult time, the support has been incredible. We would also like to thank all the police officers involved in this case because without them, we don't know where we would be, they have all been amazing. But most of all we would like to thank our family liaison officers from the bottom of our hearts; they have helped us through this traumatic, horrible time in our lives and no amount of words would ever be enough in our eyes to repay them. They are a credit to Sussex Police and wonderful individuals.
24241 You don't tax people who work and pay people who don't work and expect more work,
24242 it has shown the importance of having, on the one hand, good intellectual property right protection for new innovations, to guarantee that innovation rents will not be dissipated and, on the other, effective competition policy, to make sure that incumbent firms (the innovators of yesterday) are not using their rents to prevent subsequent innovations and the entry of new players.
24243 Overall it (Budget) was disappointing because they didn't bring out the vision as the first real budget of a new government. It had to give a vision,
24244 This is the ambition that the world needs,
24245 Exxon is continuing to misjudge the mood of investors on climate risk. The fact remains that Exxon still provides investors no assurance that it has a strategy consistent with the goals of the Paris Agreement. We co-filed the shareholder proposal filed by As You Sow because it asks Exxon to report clearly if, and how, it plans to align its operations and investments with the goal of restricting warming to well below 2 degrees Celsius and staving off catastrophic climate impacts. In 2019 Exxon and the SEC blocked our shareholder proposal asking Exxon to set Paris-aligned emissions reduction targets -- this must not happen again. Exxon must cease lagging behind its peers on this issue. We call on Exxon not to block this resolution going to a vote in 2020.
24246 I think this is just another regeneration of exactly the same problem -- the Chancellor is trying to do things to boost the overall rate of growth but we are concerned it will not happen.
24247 They change, and they influence others who are close to them, and the chain can spread out over a long distance.
24248 This is not like normal times when people are unemployed and that means that they're pounding the pavement trying to find work,
24249 I feel very strongly that a year from now, their share will continue to be over 50 percent,
24250 Under the current organisational structure, the tax policy units are an integral part of the tax administration. This often results in conflicts of interest and distorted policy initiatives. In the modern view of organising public administration, the role definition of MoF should clearly be about policy formulation. Implementation work should be done through external, autonomous agencies. Appeal mechanisms (such as tribunals) should be separate from these implementation agencies, and should be placed under the Ministry of law.
24251 Leisure time exercise often increases when the economy deteriorates, as people have more time available,
24252 The government is clearly guilty of committing contempt of court [ by converting the house into a shelter home ], and I'll request the court to hold all responsible to account,
24253 There are all kinds of things that you can identify as relevant, and the question is: Does the public need to know? I don't know the answer to that question,
24254 My suggestion was to have let the Bank of Ghana find a means to pay the affected customers even if it involved the printing of money... We are making it difficult for the NPP to win this election.
24255 quite frankly, I would think that some people perhaps who under different circumstances would not be let out are being let out.
24256 The impact (on the Italian economy) this year will be high, but the adopted policies will limit its strength and length,
24257 The passage of a divorce bill is practically unnecessary,
24258 the trend toward intangible assets reinforces low-interest-rate environment.
24259 We have not seen the end of the pandemic and still do not know what course it will take,
24260 A couple of faculty raised questions, and his response, in so many words, was: `That will be worked out later, don't worry your little head, we'll take care of everything,
24261 felt it was a little misleading to talk about graduate education as a single matter,
24262 If you take risk and you don't have to pay for it, you'll take more risk until you get slapped in the face.
24263 It's less about the decline (in quality improvement), although that is concerning, but the absence of improvement.
24264 maintain a prudent balance sheet and not take any undue M&A risks
24265 Our thoughts are with this patient and for their recovery,
24266 This is particularly important for low-achievers, where any association is likely to be strongest.
24267 Ultimately, you will be judged on authenticity and policy outcomes - on genuine leadership.
24268 The declared focus of the Morrison government is to `keep Australians safe and secure' . Surely climate change is our major national security issue, out-ranking the risk of invasion, terrorism and regional insecurity. The role of our defence forces should be broadened to include specific national disaster responsibilities, to be expeditiously mobilised amid fire crises, and then for recovery.
24269 You pull up the value of your portfolio and it was $20,000 last night and this afternoon it's $19,100 and you go, shit, that doesn't feel very good,
24270 fire his entire debate team, and they should never be in campaigns again,
24271 In these difficult times, we're proud to join forces and play such a vital role in supporting people in need during their period of isolation. Together we are experts in food service and our distribution networks reach into every corner of the country. Our highly professional drivers and warehouse teams will be keeping the wheels turning in this vital national endeavour.
24272 it was an incredible relief to see the big tree still standing!
24273 miraculous weapons and chariots were the norm
24274 Increasingly, the judiciary has become much more amenable to pressure from the bar... We constantly ask questions to the other organs of the government but how many times do we ask questions on the part of judiciary,
24275 Poison seems to be out of the market now. All that unreasonable liquidity that had propelled markets to high levels is out. It is highly unlikely that crude oil prices will go back to $50 in the near future. India's rupee has surprised by not falling very fast. Forex reserves for touching $500 billion for the first time. We have to see where the rout ends. Like 2008, this is a one-time opportunity to buy stocks. But we need more evidence in terms of market stability for that,
24276 The COVID-19 spread's impact on the economy will be V-shaped and we forecast global economic growth to reach 3 percent in 2020 from our earlier projection of 3.1 percent,
24277 fund its Covid-19 relief and recovery efforts
24278 We have also eliminated the import duty for medicines paid by the government,
24279 The hope was they'd be able to respond better during a recession, but there are still a lot of inefficiencies,
24280 While free market diehards may turn up their nose, this is probably a lesser evil,
24281 At Access Bank, we have always been committed to driving innovation, supporting African creative talents, and retelling the African story. We are excited to partner with a global media house to let the world know that there is so much to celebrate in Africa. This partnership is one of the ways we demonstrate our commitment and resolve towards changing the narrative and we are confident it will yield tremendous impact
24282 conviction eventually be overturned, especially if Pakistan comes off the FATF grey list?
24283 It has worked in other cities,
24284 The supply-side of this economy is in deep trouble,
24285 there likely would be a greater turnout among lower-income groups and minorities, which could lead to a change in the types of politicians elected.
24286 We had an 11-year recovery, but the labor market didn't get to anywhere what people would call tight until 2018,
24287 All the evacuated Russian nationals and also persons who carried out the evacuation effort will be quarantined under medical supervision for 14 days in Kazan in a special facility where all conditions will be created for their convenient stay. During the quarantine tests for the novel coronavirus will be conducted,
24288 to regularly inform the general public about the current situation daily, about the measures that the government is taking so that people do not have a lack of information.
24289 And therefore because this is my country, and I am now a Scottish citizen, I believe in a democracy we should have the right to choose every day of our lives.
24290 As a statistician, we can never underplay the role of chance.
24291 If you stay home to look after a family member and at the end of two weeks you fall sick yourself, your sick leave will have run out, so you will have an incentive to return to work and infect people there,
24292 In addition to their core work both in custody and post arrest, the Liaison and Diversion Service may also be able to help with a course of action or provide other meaningful advice to officers who are planning to bring particularly challenging members of the public into custody who are already known to other agencies.
24293 It's really much closer to a major snowstorm or a natural disaster than it is to a classic 1930s-style depression.
24294 market has to be created, the predictability has to be created, and the infrastructure has to be created.
24295 Scope divergence related to the selection of different sets of categories, measurement divergence related to different assessment of ESG categories, and weight divergence related to the relative importance of categories in the computation of the aggregate ESG score.
24296 This is a time when we must all play our part. This global pandemic must bring citizens, governments and business leaders together -- and quickly,
24297 Those people have been really hit.
24298 But as time goes on, those shortages will emerge, and people will be laid off from the auto producers in North America, because they won't be able to get new parts from China for a while to keep production going.
24299 We know that blacks, Latinx, and native people, in terms of race and ethnicity, they have lower levels of reserves, and we also know that their employment is more precarious than that of white people,
24300 With a peer-to-peer botnet, there is no single point that can be removed to take down the botnet entirely,
24301 All I know is that by end of this month, [ Mr ] Muleya's contract will have expired. The Uganda Airlines will have no [ chief executive officer ]. We will have to find a way how to run the airline.
24302 It could be problematic, particularly for manufacturers,
24303 The report emphasizes the unprecedented scale of the crisis,
24304 the swing of the corporate pendulum
24305 We have not decided on countries. We have been looking at types of countries as the first thing to decide is if there's a case for expansion.
24306 We think that recognition of these problems would by itself contribute somewhat to improving matters.
24307 A rising population can create a false illusion of prosperity, as it did in so many Sun Belt metros, which built their house of cards economies around housing construction and real estate development.... But America's economic winners are the places that have improved their productivity.
24308 I saw a wall of niche graves of regular people, some couples, some mother and sons, and I was really struck by the few who had fresh flowers stuck on and in them even now, though they date back to the 1930s and 40s,
24309 Instead of nap pods, give people the opportunity to get enough sleep.
24310 there's this sense of immutability, a sense of `This is the way it has always been done, and this is the way it has to be done, '
24311 It is unfortunate that Pakistan has failed in its bid to boost the exports sector,
24312 Many ostensibly liberal governments have slapped restrictions on travel and trade that are more draconian than ever (Donald) Trump dared impose at the height of his conflict with China last year,
24313 The LTV rules could have been separately challenged as being ultra vires the act,
24314 We have done this during the Marawi crisis were displaced learners are accepted in schools nearby the place where their families evacuated. With or without credentials, they should be admitted to those schools,
24315 We have discouraged them from suspending classes because it will not prevent our learners from going to crowded places,
24316 working their way through the economy
24317 But if you actually look at the numbers, the latest numbers coming in the last few years don't actually show any shift in the diversity of samples.
24318 If we provide constructive opposition, I have no doubt we'll regain the trust of the Portuguese people,
24319 It is moving faster but also; it can be resolved faster.
24320 We really need a big competitor for Grab so there is pressure on fares, so that the ability of Grab to exercise market power because of its current monopoly will be much reduced,
24321 who was bleeding and appeared to be intoxicated.
24322 Chinese people view food as their primary need because starving is a big threat and an unforgettable part of the national memory,
24323 crucial for successful central banking
24324 If unity is not there still we have to move on and do whatever is necessary,
24325 It's not enough that all of a sudden the taboos are temporarily falling,
24326 So that's a contributing factor to increase in revenue projection for the government,
24327 We have to put down the deposit but we don  t know what to do,
24328 If we limit work hours, we'll be hurting those women, and it's the same for Arab society,
24329 The world must be vigilant not to let xenophobia manifest at times like this,
24330 This year's finalists demonstrate the progress that can be made when governments listen to small business owners and take the steps to address their concerns. We thank all the finalists for their tremendous leadership and the results they have accomplished and we look forward to announcing the winners next week.
24331 We'll be on a lower trajectory for a long time,
24332 we're going to build the best 5G network.
24333 [ The ] growth is very diversified but most importantly we are gaining share, not just in mature gin markets like the UK, but [ also ] in emerging gin markets and all across the globe -- so Brazil, Mexico, Peru [ are ] all doing very well.
24334 government subsidies for health insurance make up a large portion of the bottom quintile's income growth over the past 40 years.
24335 Logan can do that in spades. It's the quietude about his performances. He has such heart and soul, and it's simply there, within him.
24336 I think it was very important to us to ensure that the scenes in the past were all approached in a sobering, reverential, respectful way. To not have it feel as heightened --
24337 I'm working on a number of things with them that hopefully we'll be able to talk about in the future,
24338 symbolic representations provide individuals access to an emotional and symbolic reality that allows us to better understand the experiences of the Shoah.
24339 It was Judah Maccabee and Jeff Goldblum and there was no one in between! I just wanted to represent a Jewish superhero who wasn't nebbishy or just intellectual or just kind of this punch line, but instead had might and power and strength. And so Hunters was born from that urge.
24340 The experience for people like my grandmother growing up in Poland was, `Oh, but we're Polish, they won't come after us. We'll be fine.' And I think slowly, society began to devolve to the point where they were put into the ghetto and then taken to concentration camps.
24341 When we hunt monsters, do we risk becoming monsters ourselves? What does killing do to the morality, the psyche and heart of the hunter? We show that cost,
24342 She appreciated the logic of randomized control trials. At the same time she would not be satisfied with just that to see the outcome of an intervention.
24343 The experience of successful developing economies shows that sustained progress can be achieved only with a governance system based on strong state institutions and in-built mechanisms to ensure efficiency and accountability at all levels of state machinery,
24344 Since the onshore yuan (CNY) stopped trading for the holiday, the dollar appreciated by a net of a little less than 1% against the offshore yuan (CNH). A catch-up move of roughly the same magnitude would bring the greenback toward CNY7.0. While the last time the dollar rose through that threshold, the US accused China of currency manipulation, this time is considerably different. Moreover, of all times, this is the time when China could likely get away with manipulation if it wanted,
24345 Sterling seems to be caught between the bid from the under-weight asset managers and some speculators seeing the Brexit uncertainty lifted on the one hand, and the under-appreciated risks of a rate cut and a no-deal Brexit still on the other,
24346 The NGA is a white elephant with one destination picture, Blue Poles, that was a shrewd purchase but perhaps a thing that nobody really loves,
24347 Business has now to fully embrace stakeholder capitalism, which means not only maximizing profits, but use their capabilities and resources in cooperation with governments and civil society to address the key issues of this decade,
24348 more ideas than they can digest,
24349 The teenage climate activist was due to be speaking here but her team have said she is unwell. But she may well be putting the finishing touches to comments for an opening day of the summit when the 17 year old will again have the ear of the world's most powerful.
24350 We do not want to reach the tipping point of irreversibility on climate change,
24351 The crisis illustrates that there's a lot of arbitrariness in the wage-setting process, especially (but not only) at the top of the wage ladder,
24352 It's really not an issue of billionaires sit on piles of cash, of idle money that the government should take,
24353 There are going to be some amendments,
24354 This is essentially due to unnecessary panic buying, and the logistics challenge this presents, rather than an underlying supply problem.
24355 We would be extremely keen to talk to anybody who has any information about this, we have very sophisticated processes for protecting the identity of anyone who does come forward,
24356 We will want vigorous competition, however, to drive the recovery when it comes,
24357 quickly progress completion of the merger with TPG
24358 Importantly, the approval does not allow fuel companies to coordinate prices, including retail and wholesale fuel prices, and storage prices, and we will continue to closely monitor retail petrol prices across Australia and call out any excessive pricing or illegal behaviour.
24359 This is great news for us, this is great news for the merged company, and also we appreciate the ACCC has done this before the deadline for them to appeal,
24360 We urge owners to check if their vehicle is affected, by visiting the Product Safety Australia website or contacting their manufacturer,
24361 With the merger we've got three big players and I don't think any of them will want to rock the boat and so that will mean higher prices for consumers than they would have got under the alternative world of TPG entering,
24362 We are following our usual practice of publicly consulting on a proposed divestment package,
24363 What an inquiry offers the ACCC is information gathering powers that mean companies are legally obliged to provide us with the detailed information to go deep on these issues. We believe that online display advertising practices certainly warrant some digging,
24364 To complain about a personal pay reduction when 31 others had just lost their jobs is incomprehensible in light of the sacrifices others made to help limit layoffs and maintain livable salaries for our staff,
24365 We are pleased by the positive results,
24366 difficult, and sometimes traumatic changes, which we deemed necessary to transition SI's business back to a trusted and growing heritage brand.
24367 We all hope for a V-shaped, rapid recovery -- but given the uncertainty, it would be prudent to prepare for more adverse scenarios.
24368 The U.S. decision to speed up approval of its substantial new contributions to the IMF is a powerful message to the international community and helps solidify the IMF's (overall) US$ 1 trillion lending capacity,
24369 These are extraordinary circumstances. Many countries are already taking unprecedented measures. We, at the IMF, working with all our member countries, will do the same. Let us stand together through this emergency to support all people across the world,
24370 if tomorrow we wake up with 100 percent gender equality, the wealth of this world would be, according to the most recent data, $172 trillion bigger. We would be a much richer world.
24371 and therefore we are seeing a country with more significance globally,
24372 good conversation and discussion about the very important support of IMF for Ukraine.
24373 We are in an unprecedented situation where a global health pandemic has turned into an economic and financial crisis. With a sudden stop in economic activity, global output will contract in 2020. Member countries have already taken extraordinary actions to save lives and safeguard economic activity. But more is needed. Priority should be afforded to targeted fiscal support to vulnerable households and businesses to accelerate and strengthen the recovery in 2021. Although the greatest health impact has been in advanced economies, emerging market and developing countries, especially low-income countries, will be particularly hard hit by a combination of a health crisis, a sudden reversal of capital flows and, for some, a sharp drop in commodity prices. Many of these countries need help to strengthen their crisis response and restore jobs and growth, given foreign exchange liquidity shortages in emerging market economies and high debt burdens in many low-income countries. Strong and coordinated policy actions, including at the multilateral level, are key to effectively resolve this global crisis. To this end, IMFC members welcomed the IMF's expeditious efforts to support an exceptionally high number of countries requiring IMF emergency financing at the same time, as well as its close cooperation with other international financial institutions, especially the World Bank Group. The IMF stands ready to use its US$ 1 trillion financial capacity to support its member countries. Reflecting the extraordinary challenges, the IMF hs already taken action to provide relief for debt repayments for its poorest members under the Catastrophe Containment and Relief Trust and is being called upon to strengthen its crisis response by enhancing access to its emergency facilities under the Rapid Credit Facility and Rapid Financing Instrument. Going beyond its traditional lending facilities, the IMF will explore additional options to help members that experience foreign exchange shortages. These issues will be discussed by the IMF's Executive Board in the coming weeks with a view to bringing a strong package of measures for the IMFC's consideration at the Spring Meetings. Our common goal is to make the IMF's crisis response even more effective in helping its members achieve a faster and stronger recovery.
24374 We are still learning about how this complex virus spreads and the uncertainties are too great to permit reliable forecasting,
24375 record short amount of time.
24376 Since the very first week of the new year, we have seen geopolitical tensions in the Middle East as well as climate shocks in Australia. There have been 71 rate cuts by 49 Central Banks making it to be one of the most synchronised monetised easing to cease the global financial crisis,
24377 The coronavirus outbreak poses a serious threat to the world economy,
24378 Let us stand together through this emergency to support all people across the world,
24379 We have some reduction of this uncertainty but it is not eliminated. A trade truce is not trade peace,
24380 These measures are most welcome and essential, and more will be needed,
24381 I want to thank G20 members who have pledged financial support for the CCRT and call on others to join,
24382 Today, that number has been turned on its head: we now project that over 170 countries will experience negative per capita income growth this year,
24383 Stability will remain a challenge in the decade ahead. In the 2020s, the financial sector will have to grapple with preventing the traditional type of crisis, and handle newer ones, including climate related shocks. Think of how stranded assets can trigger unexpected loss. Some estimates suggest the potential costs of devaluing these assets range from $4 trillion to $20 trillion.
24384 We want to show our appreciation of our healthcare workers who are working tirelessly under difficult conditions
24385 Britain has a world-class, thriving private sector that needs championing and supporting with great policy. But when things go wrong I waste no time in holding those responsible to account, whether fault lies in government or business.
24386 KPMG was paid  29m to be Carillion's auditor for 19 years, and signed off Carillion's accounts year after year,
24387 Fields soak up the flood water over time. They act as natural flood water dispensers. Flooding is a real issue at the moment.
24388 If restrictions are lifted prematurely, the result will be a follow-on pandemic surge. More people will die. What will the policy choice be then?
24389 I'm unstable, but you take me as I am...
24390 The one constant will always be music...
24391 is just one challenge we face,
24392 NATO has a training mission in Iraq... We are in Iraq upon the invitation by the Iraqi government and we will only stay in Iraq as long as we are welcome by the Iraqi government,
24393 refrain from further violence and provocations.
24394 New conflict would be in no one's interest,
24395 North Macedonia is now part of the NATO family, a family of thirty nations and almost one billion people. A family based on the certainty that, no matter what challenges we face, we are all stronger and safer together,
24396 to address the rise of China.
24397 only way to address the situation on the border is by working together.
24398 Because together with Europe and Canada, we represent 50 percent of the world's military might and 50% of the world's economy, so together we are strong.
24399 There are about a thousand open intellectual property cases with the FBI -- nearly all of them somehow connected to China
24400 ministers also agreed to explore what more could be done, beyond this first step
24401 We call on the Russian-backed Assad regime to stop all these attacks, which are killing innocent civilians,
24402 will add $100 billion extra toward defense.
24403 It's exactly why bitcoin (BTC) was created,
24404 My office's review of the draft final rule indicates that it utterly fails to provide any demonstrable safety, environmental, or economic benefit to consumers or the country,
24405 We should be enacting forward-looking environmental policy, not tying our country's future to the dirty vehicles of the past,
24406 from new motor vehicles.
24407 Our base case here is that a full-blown war between the US and Iran is unlikely, though we appreciate the old adage that nothing brings a country together more effectively than an external threat, and Iran's government right now is extremely unpopular. Sanctions imposed by the US have crushed the economy and driven up inflation, triggering protests last month in which several hundred protesters were killed by army and police. It is reasonable to think, then, that the leadership will seek to use the assassination to divert attention from the grim economy but Iran's leaders probably aren't suicidal; we doubt they will take action that will trigger air strikes on Tehran. The infrastructure of the oil sector, though, is a likely target in the event of tit-for-tat escalation,
24408 Iran's leaders probably aren't suicidal; we doubt they will take action that will trigger air strikes on Tehran,
24409 This is an all-out effort to ensure that the business sector can continue to exist even as economic activity temporarily collapses,
24410 Overall, these are great numbers, but unfortunately this is news from another planet,
24411 We're expecting a slowing in gross hiring to depress the March number, though we see no evidence this hit has been augmented by increased layoffs, yet. April likely will be much worse.
24412 The Case for a Big Coronavirus Stimulus.
24413 A payroll tax decrease gives too much money to people who don't need it, and too little money to people who do.
24414 dribbles the money out slowly over time, instead of up front.
24415 There is a real danger that the economic crisis that comes out of this health crisis is worse than what we experienced in 2008,
24416 There are a lot of ways to spend money that don't involve going out.
24417 In this case, everyone is cutting their spending and lots of people, even if they don't lose their jobs, will lose time at work, hours, tips, potentially a large blow to their income,
24418 The temporary softening of the real estate market will likely be followed by a strong rebound once the economic `quarantine' is lifted, and it's critical that supply is sufficient to meet pent-up demand.
24419 With housing starts hovering at 1.6 million in December and January, along with the favorable mortgage rates, among other factors, 2020 has so far presented a very positive sales climate,
24420 [ Chinese ] people who are wealthy may feel tired of the perception of China as being a third-world country,
24421 I'm beginning to sense the dropping unaffordability of Boise is beginning to hinder job-growth potential,
24422 That assumes some rebound in jobs and private sector income after the precipitous fall in the second quarter.
24423 They see the benefits of... integration, as well as opportunities to pursue interdisciplinary funding,
24424 time to buy the currency of last resort,
24425 While the Cubs would like to reset under the luxury tax threshold for strategic reasons, ownership is well aware of the financial challenges they are currently dealing with in player payroll. Ownership is also prepared to navigate another year in the luxury tax if the club remains in the playoff picture in 2020.
24426 once inflation was under control, why wasn't it increased?
24427 COVID-19 has created a worldwide economic tsunami. The global economy is engulfed in a serious downturn. The virus has caused significant parts of the Asian and now European and US economies to all but shut down. More financial pain is quickly coming as layoffs mount, businesses curtail investment, and retirement nest eggs evaporate,
24428 Central banks have responded aggressively but are running out of room to maneuver as interest rates hit the zero lower bound. The onus is now on governments to quickly provide substantial financial support to hard-pressed households and businesses. How much economic damage COVID-19 ultimately does will depend on the trajectory of the virus -- and how governments respond,
24429 Looking through the monthly vagaries of the data, job gains continue to moderate. Manufacturers, energy producers, and small companies have been shedding jobs. Unemployment is low, but will begin to rise if job growth slows much further.
24430 What really matters is the economy in Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin,
24431 Essentially, by setting up your estate planning,
24432 For JNU there shouldn't be Delhi police alone but also a camp of BSF and CRPF.
24433 Today's economy is characterised by a few factors like slowing down in demands for goods and people's inability to invest money.
24434 Hence, an appropriate physical, financial, and human infrastructure has to be set up. This has not been done even today; and instead there is reliance on ad hocism and spin,
24435 We may have a function in Darjeeling in May. Obviously, it should be made a union territory. I have already said that `Gorkhaland' as a separate UT is a demand that we have promised to you. We have three Lok Sabha seats out of you.
24436 We have been always of the view that we have a spiritual country and we cannot leave out religion and spirituality completely
24437 For those businesses where people were already able to occasionally work from home, and where there had already been some adoption of the technologies to support remote working -- if only in pockets across the business -- I think the adoption of these will increase significantly, and will likely remain consistent going forward,
24438 He has made addressing systemic racism a priority,
24439 I admire the brave women who had the courage to share their stories with The New York Times,
24440 If the infection rate does not come down quickly... because we are so integrated with China, we are going to feel the effects here.
24441 For me, that's a much more important issue worth thinking about. Can the government use its balance sheet or create an environment where the private sector wants to use its balance sheet to undertake investments the country needs?
24442 complements the welcome fiscal response from governments in Australia
24443 decided on a comprehensive package to help support jobs, incomes and businesses as the Australian economy deals with the coronavirus
24444 Much will depend on the success of the various efforts to control the virus so we are monitoring developments closely,
24445 ADIs [ authorised deposit-taking institutions ] will be able to obtain initial funding of up to 3 per cent of their existing outstanding credit,
24446 I was surprised the Aussie held up as well as it did early last week but it's starting to see a bit more downside now.
24447 it is possible the number of cases escalates and so does the interruption to China's economy
24448 It would be wrong to communicate a message that we will not be prepared or ready for this,
24449 It is absolutely critical to the success of our customers and the success of GitLab that we have a true channel program that serves our customers throughout the entire lifecycle of our customers.
24450 follow the guidance of the HSE at all times.
24451 We would seek information on what carriage (of a train) were they sitting on, had they a booked seat, that sort of thing.
24452 there is no greater public health challenge than suicide prevention.
24453 I've been coming here for 23 years, and this is the first time I've ever received a security warning about the Russians.
24454 If the US can go after a high level military enemy from the air with drones and kill him, it means that the US can go after any of their political and military enemies in the same way. At some point it could be Putin's turn.
24455 Lowering the foreign exchange RRR will boost banks' liquidity by $3.2 billion while lowering the rupiah RRR will support export and import activities,
24456 With coordinated efforts between the central bank and the government, we are confident that the rupiah will not only be stable but also strengthen to Rp 15,000 per US dollar by year-end,
24457 We want to tell everybody that we're working extra, extra hard from time to time... to maintain confidence,
24458 We see now that the strengthening rupiah was due to market dynamics,
24459 normally end up kissing me on the lips
24460 We both realised it was not a good idea. We parted as good friends with no damage done.
24461 PC Bigots Don't Understand this here Culture of Mine
24462 And importantly, it will offer advice on how to do that safely.
24463 touching my breasts, my waist, my hips.
24464 My view is we need to clear this up - was there a conspiracy or wasn't there a conspiracy, and if there was, who was involved and was it criminal?
24465 postponing the inevitable blow up of frauds and encouraging criminal corporate behaviour
24466 Such tools are needed here to free monetary policy to focus on
24467 are apt to prove chronic by nature.
24468 In the first stage, people will go back to the factory or the office. Then I suspect there'll be a lot of business for barbershops and beauty salons once they reopen, and for retail that doesn't involve large numbers of people in a crowded space. Only when people feel safer -- and the government relaxes guidance -- will restaurants, movie theaters, concerts and sporting events resume.
24469 If things work out well, banks can distribute income later on,
24470 And it has put central banks in a position where they don't have a lot of ammunition. If we have a serious recession, we're probably not going to be able to count on central banks to offer up a significant response.
24471 The continent can learn a lot from what you are doing in the ICT sector but you also have challenges with climate change and its consequences,
24472 To protect and build towards the Continent's shared prosperity, $100 billion is needed to urgently and immediately provide fiscal space to all countries to help address the immediate safety net needs of the populations,
24473 The discussed operation would also not lead to any changes in the deficit. It is a pure balance sheet operation moving debt from some parts of the government, the cities, to the central government,
24474 This would follow if the pandemic and containment measures last longer, emerging and developing economies are even more severely hit, tight financial conditions persist, or if widespread scarring effects emerge due to firm closures and extended unemployment.
24475 Monetary policy has continued to support growth and buoyant financial conditions. With these developments, there are now tentative signs that global growth may be stabilizing, though at subdued levels.
24476 Much worse growth outcomes are possible,
24477 In the case of South Africa, the problem is still at the level of policy uncertainty tied to the slow pace of structural reforms that has been weighing on growth. And because now there is limited fiscal space, public spending is now weaker than it could have been, and these factors are having an impact.
24478 In some cases, further clean-up of bank balance sheets are critical, especially as vulnerabilities continue accumulating in an extended period of low interest rates,
24479 intensifying social unrest across many countries-reflecting, in some cases, the erosion of trust in established institutions and lack of representation in governance structures
24480 As long as interest rates remain very low, as we're seeing, and we get the recovery that we are projecting, then the combination should help in bringing down debt levels slowly over time,
24481 I would also say the US tax system could be somewhat more progressive... it's not right for the times,
24482 UK GDP growth was projected to pick up from current below-potential rates, supported by the reduction of Brexit-related uncertainties, an easing of fiscal policy and a modest recovery in global growth. This rebound is not, of course, assured,
24483 We can't have a financial sector that ignores an issue, and then all of a sudden has to deal with it,
24484 From where I sit, there is a fundamental reshaping of the system under way... It means not just profitability going down, it means companies going out of business in sectors that have become sunset industries.
24485 Future policy decisions will depend on how economy evolves.
24486 There is a debate at the MPC over the relative merits of near term stimulus to reinforce the expected recovery in UK growth and inflation.
24487 In recent weeks, the probability that markets attached to a January rate cut from the BoE had risen to as high as 70%. However, following this morning's data that is now back at around 50%. On balance, we remain comfortable with our view that the Bank of England will keep interest rates on hold at this juncture particularly with full details of the proposed fiscal package in the Budget in March yet to be seen.
24488 In the two decades prior to independence, inflation was five times the average it is now; it was five times as volatile,
24489 This is, from an economic perspective, already bigger than SARS and it is just too early to say the overall macroeconomic impact.
24490 Achieving net-zero emissions will require a whole economy transition -- every company, every bank, every insurer and investor will have to adjust their business models,
24491 I would emphasize the direction is clear, though the orders of magnitude are still to be determined,
24492 There are downside risks from global growth and the possibility that uncertainties over future trading relationships could remain entrenched,
24493 we do not see very compelling reasons to expect other equity markets to outperform significantly,
24494 In the context of relatively weak earnings growth, there's probably too much complacency and we could see some negative earnings,
24495 We recognise providers are dealing with unprecedented challenges at the moment. So we welcome them stepping up to protect vulnerable customers, at a time when keeping in touch with our friends and families has never been more important.
24496 Why have tax revenues grown at a much lower rate than GDP? 26%, obtained by deflating from nominal growth (44%) 18% inflation between 2012 and 2018?
24497 but think that central bankers will still want to do their part to support the economy, especially at a time when few of them worry about inflation rising too much. This implies that if the news on the virus and the economy remains negative in the near term, central banks may well react aggressively even if the impact on economic growth is limited.
24498 The committee has noted previously that even a contraction of just a few months can meet its recession definition if it is sufficiently deep,
24499 Maybe even more important, or at least as important
24500 One of the best things about the CARES Act is how big it was,
24501 It's no exaggeration to call this the most severe challenge in modern history for dine-in restaurants. The concern right now is that some of these restaurants may not survive. Reopening can be expensive; one mid-sized operator estimated in a letter to Congress he would need two weeks of revenue to restart the company. The servers that I've spoken with aren't interested in leaving the industry. Right now, most are optimistic that this is a short-term crisis rather than a long-term one, and they're looking for gigs they're eligible for based on existing skill sets. One server out West told me she's considering Amazon's recent offer of part-time employment for those laid off at other jobs. It would be a pay cut relative to her usual tip income, but the pay is better than unemployment benefits.
24502 States are having a real problem right now,
24503 Interest rates are very low right now. Inflation is nowhere. We actually can spend as much money as we need to to get us through this.
24504 Congress really bent over backwards to incentivize employers to keep people on payroll, which is great,
24505 My kids cried today because they can't go and see the Easter Bunny,
24506 NY is becoming the Italy of America,
24507 italian isn't a race.
24508 Has anyone else noticed that every suggestion by Dr. Doom Fauci just happens to also be the worst possible thing for the economy?
24509 Different teams need to understand the big picture. What are the business values you need to adhere to? How are those going to be collectively managed across different teams? Managers need to understand how ethical concerns will be reflected in the different components of the product lifecycle and make sure all the individual members of their teams feels ethically responsible for the whole product, not just their own little piece.
24510 at the last minute presented
24511 Now it's four so far in April. Activity is down about 66 per cent,
24512 set the threshold that companies need to meet to stay in our investment portfolio
24513 The big problem with paper currency is that a large part of it is used to facilitate tax evasion and a huge spectrum of criminal activities,
24514 this revolution is protected by its peacefulness and its dowry was precious blood given for a better tomorrow and sustainable peace.
24515 these are just words, not actions
24516 We have to be able to take drastic measures to protect small businesses: Those are the ones that are most vulnerable in terms of their ability and having the wherewithal to suffer the demand-shock,
24517 There's no point putting in a tail hedge. It's just like hedging currency if you have a long-term view. It just creates a cost with no expected benefit other than smoothing. And what would you hedge against? You don't know what will show up.
24518 We need corporations alive.... We absolutely need to bail out small business owners. No small business owner should have been setting aside savings for this. They should have a rainy day fund, not a Noah's flood fund.
24519 I'm skeptical that it's even possible to build a completely secure application.
24520 I'd probably start with making election day a holiday before I jumped straight to mobile voting,
24521 When it comes to fulfilling the economic goals authorized by legislative decree, it isn't seemly for a government agency to be selective.
24522 I think that's an extremely important discussion and I agree with your assessment: I think we're compelled to think about that.
24523 I don't censor what someone says.
24524 At this point, ESPN and ABC have made virtually no money on their investment for this year, because they make (most of) their advertising money on the playoffs. The question is who eats that loss?
24525 betting on the country.
24526 We believe that the federal government will soon initiate a total-US shutdown with a defined reopening date about 30 days later,
24527 Hilton is the canary in the coal mine,
24528 purchase more stocks in current investments.
24529 We may also choose to reestablish similar or different forms of hedges or raise more cash based on developments with the coronavirus and other market factors. In other words, we are more likely to have higher portfolio turnover in this environment.
24530 it's going to zero along with every other hotel company,
24531 As many as a million Americans will die.
24532 Exhaustion has been the largest symptom for me.
24533 He was amazing. His blood was taken and given to poorly Tyler. He [ Kai ] was totally fine with it all.
24534 he never uses that entrance.
24535 I think this is a challenging situation, but it has to be part of the process of the Northern Ireland economy being transformed to one where there are higher skills, higher wages and higher productivity.
24536 is one of the reasons for the economic slowdown
24537 I propose to introduce a new and more attractive settlement scheme for all VAT, sales tax, central sales tax and entry tax cases which are lying pending up to January 31, 2020,
24538 It wasn't so well organised,
24539 Tweed strengthens our presence in the Irish professional services market,
24540 Maradona's in the middle of the room f *** ing doing football tricks with a bottle top.
24541 Something very special for you all
24542 I intend to retire as solo artist after album no3 as I have just had a call from my brother begging me to start oasis again in 2022 if you believe in life after love c'm on you know LG x.
24543 How do you think Noel is passing the time while on lockdown?
24544 go back to our amazing solo careers
24545 Nah, it's well cosy.
24546 I intend to retire as [ a ] solo artist after album no3 as I have just had a call from my brother begging me to start oasis again in 2022 if you believe in life after love c'm on you know LG x
24547 The first immediate task for all parts of the industry is reducing the carbon footprint of their own operations,
24548 A big part of these emissions could be brought down quite fast and easily,
24549 In addition to oil, Iraq is blessed with some of the richest solar and gas resources in the world but it has yet to take advantage of them,
24550 Africa's energy prospects depend on the way government policies shape investment flows, and the availability and affordability of modern energy sources.
24551 We said the golden age of gas can be materialized through LNG, and it is what we are seeing today,
24552 surge in dollar index and weaker Asian currencies also weighed on the rupee. Indian rupee gave away all morning gains and turned negative by the close
24553 In some major producing economies, it will be almost impossible to finance essential areas such as health, public sector employment and education -- and we may well see social pressures that challenge the stability of countries such as Iraq, Angola and Nigeria.
24554 The second (reason)... I think the world needs a global political response,
24555 put clean energy at the heart of stimulus plans to counter the coronavirus crisis.... The progress this will achieve in transforming countries' energy infrastructure won't be temporary -- it can make a lasting difference to our future.
24556 The most important thing to recognize is that fiscal and monetary policy -- a quick tax cut or jolt of infrastructure spending and Fed interest rate cuts and bond purchases -- will be akin to passing out candles,
24557 This campaign will help to bring new tourists to Victoria in the important months that lie ahead.
24558 Anything's possible right now, I don't believe that's likely
24559 This entails an alliance that has a tangible plan with capable leaders to implement. Whether it is me or someone else, the job must be done. I will be a happy man. It is not about positions but knowing what to do.
24560 This provides cost certainty and allows us to plan for our next stage of growth. It is another successful step in our efforts to increase our underlying mining profitability in 2020.
24561 The next technical resistance area is the $1700 to $1800 area so any move above $1566 is likely to be a fast, strong one, perhaps with a retest of the $1566 area from above that.
24562 We've always had a plan in place to protect our employees because we knew there could be some event someday,
24563 a couple of hundred billion dollars
24564 They can shut down for a month, but then when they reopen, they're still going to have an epidemic starting again,
24565 As a result, in only three months, the 2020 outlook has shifted from expected growth of more than 3 per cent globally to a sharp contraction of negative 3 per cent -- much worse than the output loss seen during the 2008-09 global financial crisis. The ultimate impact of the crisis on the global economy, as well as the timing of a recovery, is highly uncertain,
24566 But I can't ever see myself putting down my beloved tools -- I'll probably die at my bench!
24567 Whether it's Cadbury, Ritz, Oreo, or one of its many other brands, Mondelz's products are renowned around the world,
24568 It's a lot more humble than it looks.
24569 every competent doctor has left the country.
24570 How long can society take these measures like social distancing? What is their saturation level? This is an uncertain thing. It is not a conventional economic crisis. It's a shock in which both demand and supply are affected,
24571 As a result, India is now facing a Four Balance Sheet challenge -- the original two sectors, plus NBFCs and real estate companies -- and is trapped in an adverse interest-growth dynamic, in which risk aversion is leading to high-interest rates, depressing growth, and generating more risk aversion.
24572 I think the public health issue is the most important one,
24573 Look, if it weren't the case, that the central bank could create inflation and the central bank could buy up the entire planet Earth,
24574 more like a major snowstorm or natural disaster than a Great Depression-style downturn.
24575 I think we still have time. The clock's ticking, though.
24576 You could have zero waste, but that would probably mean you're sending the money out so slowly... that it doesn't serve the recovery purpose,
24577 The key feature there is you put the money into the business. It allows the business to survive the pandemic and we emerge the other side with the infrastructure of the economy intact,
24578 The coronavirus has intensified the euro crisis
24579 The first video of Ibn Sina block that went viral shows that police entered the library. At that time I was studying. I went to the library in the morning and suddenly tear gas had filled the inside.
24580 The virus has not dented the healthy travel fundamentals of the Chinese market.
24581 the whole mess is created by fear
24582 the Fed's short term loans cost us nothing when they're all repaid the next day.
24583 Fear of a run on toilet paper -- like a run on banks -- is enough to create an actual run. And when the runs start we need help. (pun intended),
24584 They knew guys like me would buy the company and throw them out.
24585 Companies, shame on them, but they have borrowed too much,
24586 the existence of too much credit, often high-cost and aggressively marketed to financially distressed households.
24587 cosmic justice must be hand-made by holders of power who impose their own decision on how these flesh-and-blood individuals should be categorized into abstraction, and how these abstractions should then be forcibly configured to fit the vision of the power-holders
24588 It's in the middle of nowhere, actually,
24589 So here we are with an incredible amount of palms left over that were scheduled to be prepared and shipped... we just lost that,
24590 Making policy recommendations, we're too far away now,
24591 The classic story of why deficits are bad just hasn't panned out,
24592 trying to restore the financial sector to its proper role in the economy,
24593 There should also be a commitment to respect EU surveillance frameworks... it would be no more than that,
24594 We want to recreate a Sunday night at my grandma's place,
24595 Why the parliament which remained open even during the War of Independence is now going to be recessed? This is not right,
24596 The Middle East has become a battlefield of proxy wars in the last 10 years. This does not only affect Turkey but the entire region. All the region pays big prices. I wish that commonsense will prevail in both Iran and the U.S.,
24597 We will build a Turkey where there will be equality of opportunity and women in all areas of life will be strong and effective,
24598 A flexible exchange rate puts Russia at an advantage versus other commodity exporters at times of oil-price swings,
24599 able to tap the best opinion around here or overseas to marshal a strategy for this country moving forward over the next several decades
24600 Even with an oil price of about 30 dollars per barrel... we will finance our spending for four years without problems,
24601 The Russian Government is now considering and preparing a set of proposals to neutralize the effects of this negative factor [ coronavirus ],
24602 have become even more urgent
24603 Instead of my announcing as a rabbi at the pulpit, `We turn to page 65 and we all rise,' what I've been saying now is, `Please mute your microphones,
24604 it raises the possibility that negative effects on consumer and business sentiment and a pullback in investor risk-taking could last after the spread of the coronavirus has stabilized.
24605 Much is still unknown about the disease making it difficult to predict how large and persistent the economic impact will be,
24606 When markets are not functioning well, the transmission mechanism of monetary policy to the economy is disrupted, and any reduction in the target federal-funds rate will have less of an impact on the real economy,
24607 Millennial investors should commence investing in large-cap or index funds and then diversify to multi-cap or mid-cap funds as per their risk appetite.
24608 sit back, make the right choices and not lock in the fossil-fuel economy,
24609 that the Fed's failure to co-ordinate its rate cut with other major central banks sent a negative signal about the coherence of the response.
24610 There's something about humans and nature that go well together.
24611 you need a huge rise in opioid access, in a way that misuse is easy, but you also need demand to misuse the product.
24612 As such, the outbreak should not directly affect the longer-term viability and productive potential of most businesses or of the economy as a whole.
24613 assume a new shape on a new site
24614 Converting the look of the field is one thing, cleaning up the buillding is another thing, we don't want sticky floors,
24615 Our commitment has been to do our best to keep all of our employees working through this very difficult situation. As part of an effort to do that we asked salaried employees to take a temporary 20% pay cut while preserving everyone's full benefits -- and keeping our 1500 hourly workers paid throughout the regular season. After listening to our staff and players, it's clear that was the wrong decision.
24616 The evacuation centre was reopened in the afternoon and by 4 pm wind and smoke turned the sky red and then black,
24617 A lot depends on what a school does with legacies,
24618 for embracing important reforms that can do much to encourage sustainable poverty reduction.
24619 And so we have a very real problem of the IFIs themselves adding to the debt burden and, and there's pressure then I think on the IMF to sort through it and look at the best interest for the country,
24620 From the White House, you can move a lot faster,
24621 I commend the government of Somalia for their diligence in implementing reforms, and the UK government and the European Union for paying off Somalia's arrears to the African Development Bank Group. Together, we got it done for the people of Somalia.
24622 Youth unemployment must be given top priority. With 12-million graduates entering the labour market each year and only 3-million of them getting jobs, the mountain of youth unemployment is rising annually,
24623 in the almost inconceivable event that a President Sanders were able to enact his full economic agenda, the result would surely be much worse than anything that's likely to happen under Trump.
24624 The long/short strategy has been challenged over the last few years, but we have a lot of risk controls in place,
24625 We buy the cheapest stocks and short the most expensive stocks, but with risk controls.
24626 weak holders selling to strong holders at discounts.
24627 And there's so much yet still unknown. The ghost is still in the closet. We don't know what's going to happen. I think the grand global implications are huge. You've got stadiums being shut down, schools are being closed. Theme parks are being shut down, casinos are being closed. Planes are not flying.
24628 But there will be variability over time because we're very focused on what's in the right long-term interest.
24629 provide further insight into our business and the opportunities ahead,
24630 It's not possible or feasible
24631 I would very much be in favor of a nationwide carbon price,
24632 Many of our restaurants are closed, and servers are out of work. These food distributions can really make a difference,
24633 The amount of measures taken in a short amount of time is surreal and unprecedented.
24634 These are current costs for the current generation. This is a much more compelling way to confront the cost of pollution, not just for future generations but for the children and elderly now,
24635 We expect a good year of travel in 2020,
24636 at least a dozen more in the senate who are very supportive.
24637 Get over it and concentrate on your fight for survival.
24638 highly suspect at best.
24639 I think Israel is the best-kept secret when it comes to music, and not a lot of Israeli artists have broken into the international sphere, so there's a lot of passion there that is not fulfilled yet,
24640 So I am still `riding the horse' and bullish immediate term,
24641 The continuation of the recent trend could lead to the point where the poor... would be unable to protect themselves against coronavirus... they would become the epicentre of contracting and spreading the disease.
24642 The most popular vehicles today are actually the class of SUVs and crossovers that are bigger and heavier than what people used to own,
24643 The U.S. economy mainly consists of small businesses... and this is a challenge in a situation where policymakers want to quickly get money into the hands of the corporate sector either via fiscal policy or monetary policy.
24644 It tells you the severity of the situation.
24645 One cautious estimate is that the trade war played a bigger role,
24646 They're great jobs. They pay well. They do give you a lot of skills.
24647 They're looking for a place that will leave them alone, not oversee their operations.
24648 War, conflict and persecution forces millions of people to become refugees worldwide,
24649 All we have to do is find a window and we can easily afford to bring 16 players for two days on a weekend and finish the tournament on a high note.
24650 I want all of you to pray that this month-long event is held without any untoward incident.
24651 China having built the capacity... then they don't need America anymore and are now redirecting their export markets to the rest of the world,
24652 Every single number in the Budget is a lie,
24653 For people who are worried about having missed it, this sell-off has only taken back a few months of gains,
24654 We provide protection, an effective safe haven,
24655 in a longer-term scenario.
24656 It's a brutal week. We know it's going to be a brutal week. Let's hope they can get the relief out quickly, because I think it's clear people are going to need relief. I think we're in a circumstance where we just spent $2 trillion. It's not really going to be stimulus in the conventional sense. We're going to take the money and we're going to burn it to keep people warm. And so, we're definitely going to need another round of relief, and when we start to unpack what was in this one -- and it was done so hastily -- there's going to be problems with it. I am a little afraid of, let's call it the political will, the political legitimacy, of these rescues. So, in a way, the fact that this was as abrupt and severe and all in one week as it was is a sign that maybe the ultimate `V' shape could exist.
24657 A virus-induced recession strikes me as pretty different than a financial crisis-induced recession,
24658 There is one very large difference between virus economics and regular business cycle economics, which is with virus economics the most important thing you can do for the economy is slow the spread of the virus.... The best [ thing ] to do [ after that ] would be to start by having the federal government entice states to cut their sales taxes. At a moment of fear the large amount of money you are sending to people as an income tax cut, they aren't going to spend.
24659 That's true even though I am not a strong supporter of graduate student unionization.
24660 That's what the new capital needs,
24661 The coming impact is going to be huge. This is no longer a question of if, but when. Even if this (Covid-19) doesn't turn out to be the deadliest flu, the economic impact is going to big. We may be fast moving towards a point where there are no flights operating anywhere in the world.
24662 The nature of the economic shock from Covid-19 is very different from those to which the MPC has previously had to respond,
24663 There was this American spirit that we're going to be fearless, we're going to rebuild. This time around, there's this fear factor that is being blown out of proportion.
24664 These past few weeks have been a powerful reminder of just how connected we are to one another -- and how our choices today determine our options tomorrow,
24665 They held their signs,
24666 be in touch as soon as we have information to share.
24667 This could profoundly transform the psycho-oncologic care of patients with cancer, and importantly could be used in hospice settings to help terminally ill cancer patients approach death with improved emotional and spiritual well-being,
24668 I love Ryan. But you're right, how many years was it? It was time to move on.
24669 get out of that scared, stuck place.
24670 We can't tell people that this is going to be terrible and then tell them to do nothing,
24671 where the effect on jobs is coming from the largescale pattern of consumers cutting spending on everything but essential items,
24672 If you go back to the beginning of the millennium, there's been no progress since then,
24673 the Democratic Party in the United States transitioned over half a century from the workers' party to the party of the highly educated.
24674 is not just that it depends on the notion that the disadvantaged classes are by their very essence permanently racist... More importantly, the theory is unconvincing because it fails to account for the observed facts.
24675 The risks of doing too little to support families and the economy far outweigh the risks of doing too much.... Given the magnitude of the crisis, now is not the time for policymakers to worry about raising deficits and debt as they consider what steps to take.
24676 Uncertainty remains elevated, of course, but the Phase One China-U.S. trade deal and the pending ratification of CUSMA are positive developments that should lead to lower business uncertainty over time everywhere, including in Canada.
24677 Coronavirus is precisely coming from emerging countries in Asia, not mobilising the G20 seems to me a very big anomaly.
24678 help avoid another national lockdown or reduce the need for multiple localised lockdowns later,
24679 I think economics is incredibly eclectic.
24680 I used to believe that only catastrophes manifestly caused by climate change would break through the psychological walls of denial,
24681 On a personal note, this acquisition was one of the last things I had the pleasure of working on with the chairman of Ethos, Paul Norris, before he passed away unexpectedly last year and for me, the senior leadership team and staff, this acquisition represents a continuation of his legacy.
24682 I'm thankful for the Executive Board's confidence in my appointment. It is at times like these when the Fund and its staff perform at their best in serving our member countries. I `m looking forward to getting to work immediately and helping to lead the Fund in addressing the crisis at hand.
24683 Moreover, new opportunities in commerce, payment innovations and the long-term potential of VR, AR and brain-computing interfaces provide plenty of sizzle to keep investors interested in the Facebook story.
24684 The primary thing is the economy,
24685 Nine million people travel back and forth from cities to villages each year -- they will be carrying the virus from cities back to villages where the health infrastructure is even worse.
24686 Government hospitals will run out of beds in rural India even if only 0.03 per cent of the rural population is hit by the virus,
24687 Coronavirus, same thing,
24688 environmental, social and economic impact of PFW,
24689 have weaponized grievances and are seeking revenge against the other side,
24690 My very good friend and brother Tony Elumelu continues to make Nigeria proud. His example of making strategic investments in infrastructure, that creates public good, is one we should all applaud. It is an honour to be here this afternoon to see yet again, an underperforming asset turned into what we are witnessing here,
24691 We expect net purchases to run for as long as necessary to reinforce the accommodative impact of its policy rates, and to end shortly before it starts raising the key ECB interest rates
24692 ... whatever it takes...
24693 permanently lower employment and capacity,
24694 Our competition is looking at those types of persons and we have to, also.
24695 That is, you get a big shock in financial markets, and the flow of credit into the economy is impacted because a lot of companies are no longer able to refinance.
24696 The CBK may need to do some heavy lifting in terms of supporting economic growth now that fiscal consolidation is a theme going into 2020,
24697 Revenue administration measures are already bearing fruit, with an improved record on tax collection in the recent past,
24698 To find out, we captured viewers' neurologic immersion -- a second-by-second measurement of what is most valued by the brain -- while people watched some of the most popular shows on TV and streaming services.
24699 Output will inevitably shrink because most workers can no longer do their jobs,
24700 I believe the great majority of scientists will say the same, these measures are certainly appropriate and sensible and it was high time that they are taken by the government. Whether they are effective will depend on compliance and the PM message needs to be reinforced by a daily communication exercise targeting the general public as well as special groups like young people.
24701 I believe the great majority of scientists will say the same, these measures are certainly appropriate and sensible and it was high time that they are taken by the government,
24702 The community in the past and even now has been forced to endure a lot of hardship. You know it better. And the hardship still continues,
24703 A figure of around $20 billion is being discussed as the needed amount of funds to recapitalize the banking sector and to undertake the other structural reforms to get the Lebanese economy growing again,
24704 It was all done in good fun and we were laughing.
24705 It's a mistake all countries made, of becoming dependent of China and not investing in their own economies. Pharmaceuticals, automobile, telecom, electronics and many other sectors are in danger,
24706 We welcome Trump in our country. I don't think there is going to be any trade deal per se as has been talked about in the past.
24707 We are going to take a hit. It might not be a full out recession, but we're moving closer to that,
24708 We would have been able to see that this wasn't just a local thing, it's spreading.
24709 And maybe what you give up is quite important.
24710 A company such as TIM, which competes on the market, cannot wait for too long. A solution must be found rapidly,
24711 aggressive maneuvering by Saudi Arabia,
24712 census like an election -- with people, policies and technology in place to protect against census interference.
24713 I wish so much that the world could see the Mark I know,
24714 They're huge, they're growing really quickly, they've gotten to bigger numbers faster than we ever did,
24715 This is not going to business as usual, and the marketing industry is certainly going to see a real impact. I don't think anyone knows how big. So we're going to watch and look.
24716 Let's be real. Prince Charming has no horse. We need to walk into our futures on our own two feet,
24717 Costa Rica is an example for the region and the world. Climate change demands urgent and transformative action from all of us and, with its ambitious plan to decarbonize the economy, Costa Rica lives up to that challenge
24718 75% or so of new infectious diseases are zoonotic in nature.
24719 Hence, they were unable to demonstrate their knowledge in these content areas,
24720 the virus could improve prospects for some aspects of social safety nets, such as in health care,
24721 We will guard the market mechanism so its integrity remains intact, while preventing excessive profit taking and excessive speculation in this abnormal situation,
24722 Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos will face unprecedented protests during India trip this week. The protests will be spearheaded by CAIT representing 70 million traders and 40,000 trade associations,
24723 Mga kapwa ko kinatawan sa Kongreso, kailangan may gawin po tayo. `Wag nating payagang maging laganap ang patayan sa ating bayan, kahit anupamang dahilan,
24724 Not at all. He will lose the election, that's for sure,
24725 Last time around was housing, and mortgages, and banks were regulated,
24726 Trump is going to make China great again.
24727 So I don't see how this is going to help Norwich, it's just going to create dormitories.
24728 You would have to start from scratch to include political leave and be sure to recognize Indigenous government as part of that while building the legislation,
24729 The employer will get some benefits in terms of increased productivity, morale and retention. But I don't think many will think that is a profit-enhancing shift,
24730 I believe that the last true sculptor was [ Auguste ] Rodin [ 1840-1917 ]. After Rodin, all artists who attempted to make sculpture, they looked at industry, because industry was producing far more interesting and complex forms and processes.
24731 The dramatic escalation in electoral promises -- as yet uncosted -- risks running a deficit, adding to the national debt, overheating the economy further, and running up against our fiscal rules. Worse, it probably fuels increased cynicism amongst the electorate, because there is little to no chance of all the promises being met,
24732 The way to think about it is that, you know, businesses are going to have to pay wages for people even though there aren't a lot of sales because everybody is staying home,
24733 You don't know anything, but nobody else knows anything either. But together, other people know a lot more than you do. And so if you see other people confidently taking some action, that's at the very least a reason to investigate why it might make sense for you to do so too.
24734 Acute concerns and uncertainty gripped market participants, as the expectation of a rapid V-shaped recovery now appeared grossly unrealistic,
24735 It is necessary to provide the best facilities to foreigners and overseas Pakistan arriving in the country. Customs officials will have to fulfil this responsibility and improving the impression of their institutions. We will also have to focus on improving our services on modern principles.
24736 Due to the prudent measures taken by the government, the rupee-dollar parity had become stable now,
24737 the food grows on the water
24738 We can't stop people travelling to the country, but we are certainly not going to encourage them to come.
24739 We will not bail out anybody
24740 There is a serious job of work to be done to address the very significant failures which have beset the organisation in terms of its governance and its finances,
24741 They might think it sensible to bring in a few independents to make it more comfortable,
24742 We are reasonably satisfied with the outcome of the meeting,
24743 writer specializing in progressive masculinity
24744 build visions for the future
24745 It is then important that the banks continue to provide these companies with loans so that the credit supply is not threatened. The measures taken in this situation should be regarded as a form of insurance that enables Swedish companies - -- particularly small and medium-sized enterprises -- to feel secure that the credit supply will not fail.
24746 The implementation of the above-stated reforms is key in the unlocking of value in the public entities sector. In particular, the current privatisation programme presents lucrative investment opportunities for both domestic and foreign investment, leading to the injection of the much-needed capital for resuscitation,
24747 We discussed the Zimbabwe economy and reforms, and SMP, the need for more social protection of the vulnerable due to drought and arrears debt clearance roadmap. Good meeting,
24748 this is not a time to be squeamish about one off additions to public sector debt. It's more like a wartime situation,
24749 We import some product out of Argentina and there's been a little bit of a shortage of containers there, but it hasn't been much, and it hasn't impacted us. Everywhere else, this hasn't been an issue.
24750 But before it gets worse, we have time for the supply chains to adapt. North America, when it comes to food, is very much self-sufficient. So if America is affected, that's when it will greatly impact us in Canada.
24751 It all comes down to... the result of people having to change the way they buy and consume food,
24752 But one can confidently say that things have improved significantly.
24753 Our study is motivated by the classic policy debate on corporate social responsibility,
24754 pull their weight and become more of mainstream part of the community
24755 Realizing that there are a lot of people here that you can reach by Facebook and email, but there are some that you can't. We don't know everyone in the community here.
24756 It's just window dressing. I don't want an information meeting. I want consultations,
24757 Since inception, we've been dedicated to supporting the growth of esports; creating the features that have made SCUF an extension of the player to maximize their performance. After 17 years in the making, we're excited that Call of Duty League Launch Weekend has finally come.
24758 Both esports and Call of Duty are deeply rooted in our core DNA so we are delighted that the day has finally come for Call of Duty League to launch. We couldn't be prouder or more excited to be a foundational partner and to continue innovating the way gamers use a controller to help them perform at the highest level,
24759 [ The tenure policy ] is still just as strong and just as valuable,
24760 I know of no example where we've taken this type of a step. I might say, up until ten years ago I don't think it would have been possible to think about alternative delivery methods because we didn't have the technology available,
24761 A corporation finds profitable solutions to the challenges of people and the planet.
24762 On the directives of the UP Assembly Speaker Hriday Narain Dixit, the Assembly Secretariat was closed on March 23 till March 31. Due to the countrywide lockdown, it will remain closed till April 14,
24763 There are already various policies and guidelines in place, but implementation will require further cooperation between the various agencies and ministries involved,
24764 There is also a tension about the Chinese role in supplying medical aid where historically the US would have played that role. There are also lower-order conflicts, [ including ] over the oil price between Russia and the Saudis.
24765 We estimate that losses of trade in goods and services could amount to $320 billion per quarter of business disruption. Each quarter of Covid-19 related trade losses in 2020 is thus comparable to the annual impact of the U.S.-China trade dispute on world tariffs in 2019,
24766 depending on the scenario, the economy shrinks by 7.2 to 20.6 percent points
24767 If you had told me on Day 1 of filming he was going to win, I would have choked on my coffee,
24768 It's one of those things that's self-reinforcing and keeps on going.
24769 Unlike in the 2008 financial crisis, banks are not the source of the problem this time. But we need to ensure that they can be part of the solution.
24770 a new party of, by, and for working people
24771 A widely used, state-backed Chinese digital currency could certainly have an impact, especially in areas where China's interests do not coincide with those of the west,
24772 A deep economic slump and financial crisis are unavoidable. The key questions now are how bad the recession will be and how long it will last,
24773 I know what the college is capable of, given the right resources, and I want to ensure that the college achieves an unparalleled level of excellence.
24774 I'm looking deeper into the [ Department of Labor's ] report, and I'm finding most of the job growth is happening with people over 55,
24775 Sanders... may still have the very belated chance to lead the historic paradigm shift, even if he doesn't get the nomination
24776 The results from following this policy advice are persistently lower growth and an exploding ratio of public debt to GDP.
24777 To understand the magnitude of this figure, consider this: only fifteen economies in the world cross the trillion-dollar mark. And as more and more women make it into the workforce, their earning and spending power is set to grow further.
24778 But what we really need to understand when we are doing monetary policy is what are the potential medium-term implications, and at the moment this is unclear.
24779 Every time we bring a child or an adult in a wheelchair on the float, I get emotional.
24780 It is one of the elements we will certainly look at,
24781 My fear is that enough will be done to keep countries like Italy solvent, but not enough will be done to change their political trajectory. Similarly to what happened in the way Europe rectified its initial missteps on sending medical help to Italy, the same might happen economically but you may have aid to Italy but that is too late and that results in a strengthening of eurosceptic forces.
24782 On Measuring the Nearness of Near-Monies,
24783 spoken with some of the world's wealthiest people
24784 The key measures in the coming weeks will be social distancing, self-isolation, quarantine, shelter in place, and other measures to shut down, deliberately and systematically -- if well done -- key parts of social and economic life,
24785 The IMF predicts a kind of V-shaped recovery, down sharply in 2020, up not quite so sharply in 2021,
24786 Thanks to the courts and agencies, China has made tremendous progress in embracing sophisticated economic analysis since the enactment of the Anti-Monopoly Law in 2008. GlobalEcon is proud to have been part of these efforts and is looking forward to the further growth of antitrust enforcement in China.
24787 We can't let it go until 2021. I would rather rip the Band-Aid off.
24788 it's almost like you've reset the playing field.
24789 It's done with regulation.
24790 support the smooth functioning of markets,
24791 This might not be the end of my time with Bjorn,
24792 Baltimore Gas and Electric, Delmarva, and Pepco did separate PC 44 pilots of time varying rates for low-income customers and other customers in Maryland,
24793 highlighting architecture as collective form.
24794 Our whole nation is carrying a burden at the moment. We urge financial services and utilities to go the extra mile to respond to the reality and fear of financial hardship. Disconnection from essentials such as power haunts too many of our households, especially heading into winter. Lifting that threat in the interests of health and safety, in a spirit of kindness, is the right thing for companies to do
24795 The secret to a long-lasting marriage.
24796 U.S. presidents seemingly feel compelled to dramatize their opposition to foreign misdeeds, even when the likelihood of changing the target country's behavior is remote.
24797 We hope this is improved quickly.
24798 convincing companies and households that the virus is under control
24799 Unwillingness to clean up has prolonged state of malaise in Indian economy... Clean up has to be undertaken on an emergency basis, otherwise sense of confidence which is needed in our NBFC, private banks and even in our state-owned banks that would be missing, that means financial sector cannot contribute to the growth,
24800 do not appear to be based on a careful benefit/cost analysis.
24801 firearms in the home are associated with substantially and significantly higher rates of suicide,
24802 Iranians are tired of the cycle of violence and retribution, and are brutally aware that it is Iranian civilians who invariably pay the highest price, not the regime and not the U.S.,
24803 It is in this sense that relations are at their `lowest ebb' , notwithstanding the fact that bilateral trade flows are at record levels.
24804 It seems that a recession is inevitable. However, its depth and duration are still unknown.
24805 The nature of our mine development projects is such that certain work cannot be done remotely, so our focus is on reducing the risk of the virus spreading to our projects. Operational continuity is critical for jobs, the communities around our operations, and the local economies. We will continue to adapt our response as this situation evolves, with our primary focus being the health and safety of our people,
24806 We are introducing prophylactic measures to prevent the coronavirus, this is our main motive. So despite the difficult situation outside of Russia, the threat of the infection spreading in our country has been minimized,
24807 We're seeing other companies take precautionary actions,
24808 the economics profession is gradually changing for the better
24809 First, they have to find solutions to questions that, in their view, are more important. Therefore, I draw to the attention of other rental companies the fact that it is now especially important to control payment discipline. All the `good' rental companies are now adding to their list of arbitration cases.
24810 Stopping migration for social care risks pushing a sector on which many vulnerable people depend over the edge.
24811 They have deep community bonds and family support systems. What they don't have is a fair wage and that's where nature comes in. It provides security and a degree of sustenance, which is extremely vital to developing the village economy of India,
24812 We estimate that the impairment of any of the five most active U.S. banks will result in significant spillovers to other banks, with 38% of the network affected on average.
24813 Don't wait for the data. Don't save your ammo.
24814 The U.K. is a very outward-oriented country,
24815 We are currently in discussion with the World Bank to tap into the $12 billion Bank fast-track COVID-19 facility to help close the financing gap. In addition, we are in discussion with the IMF to access part of a $10 billion facility made available by the IMF to address the coronavirus through the rapid credit facility,
24816 We've been looking at that building for a while for KRCC,
24817 adopted to describe both the sensual content of actual weather and also the atmospheric qualities of desire.
24818 But in the 20th century, that all changed. After World War II, Latter-day Saints, for the most part, gravitated towards conservatism and towards the Republican Party.
24819 But it also permits them to turn on a dime.
24820 but it has now become a source of instability.
24821 has meaningful influence over Xerox and its Board of Directors
24822 I am not today concerned about the inverted yield curve because I think it's not really reflecting the U.S. outlook.
24823 The global disinflationary pressures which I referred to are very powerful forces and policy needs to factor that in, in setting policy to get inflation up to the objective,
24824 Real secularism is fighting communalism of all types with aggression... Unfortunately in the public, the propaganda is that the Congress is soft on minority communalism... We have to address this.
24825 The bigger your loan balance, the worse the interest payment is going to be. With compounding effect on interest rates, you will end up with a much higher repayments when the mortgage holiday ends. Financially, you're potentially getting yourself into a difficult situation.
24826 The police thought it was pretty unusual -- the thing about paintings is that they are one-offs, so you can't really resell it,
24827 There is no more feared or revered person today in the world of finance,
24828 Things are going to be softer than we thought,
24829 Many small businesses are going to find coming months very difficult as their sales dry up and they support their staff.
24830 continuing signs of a pick-up in established housing markets
24831 Global growth is expected to be a little stronger this year and next than it was last year and inflation remains low almost everywhere.
24832 Mortgage holders who aren't paying a competitive rate could be paying a lazy tax bill to the tune of $200,000 so switching to a better loan is a no-brainer.
24833 united in condemning Iran's support of a variety of different terrorist groups.
24834 The agreement that was signed on Saturday was an important first step, but it's only a first step,
24835 not help to de-escalate,
24836 The rise of China presents both challenges and opportunities for us. We need a common understanding of what this means for our shared security, for freedom and democracy,
24837 with these numbers we seriously can never deliver on the global Agenda 2030 for Sustainable Development and Africa's 50-year development Agenda 2063, the Africa We Want. We know that and our leaders know that too.
24838 For a strategy on silencing the guns to be successful, we must honestly seek to build more inclusive societies and this union has an important yet untapped role to play in this quest,
24839 Africa may lose half of its GDP (gross domestic product), with growth falling from 3.2 percent to about 2 percent due to a number of reasons, which include the disruption of global supply chains,
24840 the Continent's interconnectedness to affected economies of the European Union, China and the United States was causing ripple effects.
24841 and, quite frankly, I've suffered through it.
24842 At this stage, the government can't be preoccupied with deficits,
24843 I spent my summers visiting my grandmother in Oklahoma where she had a huge garden and taught me to cook.
24844 If you read the large volume of the constituent assembly records, you see that using religion for the purpose of discrimination of this kind will be regarded as not acceptable. Similar things should be treated similarly, now if a Hindu has been treated badly in some country, say Pakistan, then yes they need sympathy. Similarly, if a Muslim is treated badly in Pakistan then that should also be taken into account. It has to be independent of religion but take cognizance of the suffering and other various reasons. Citizenship should be granted on a fair basis not on the basis of communal discrimination against one religion,
24845 To live in poverty may be sad, but to `offend or [ be ] hurtful to society' , creating problems for those who are not poor' , is, it would appear the real tragedy. It isn't easy to push much further the reduction of human beings into `means' .
24846 It is impossible for this reality not to hurt one's conscience.
24847 The traitors tried to destroy him, but he lives with his thoughts. We remember him with respect and love every year. We will also keep on commemorating him. People come here with the same thoughts. His only thought was a democratic Turkey free from corruption. We still have the same aim within the same frame. We wage his struggle and fight.
24848 might become much larger if the coronavirus outbreak spreads quickly and slows down activity in other countries, disrupting supply chains further,
24849 But in some economies -- most importantly the U.S. -- they are largely or entirely offset by the negative effects on the oil-producing sector.
24850 Much will depend on the performance of the global economy and of our main European trading partners,
24851 So at this time, the city attorney's office and city administration are asking the Council to approve this, because we do have the legal authority to demolish the property at this point right now,
24852 Thanks to the generosity of our shareholders, we have about USD 1 trillion in overall lending capacity,
24853 Today, the world is confronted with a crisis like no other. Covid-19 has disrupted our social and economic order at lightning speed and on a scale that we have not seen in living memory,
24854 We are going to discuss how the world economy can be more oriented towards the needs of everyone, how it can serve the aspirations of all people and it (the Vatican) is a good place to have that discussion,
24855 a recession [ this year ] at least as bad as during the global financial crisis or worse
24856 During the global financial crisis, for example, fiscal stimulus by the G-20 amounted to about 2 per cent of GDP, or over US$ 900 billion in today's money, in 2009 alone. So, there is a lot more work to do.
24857 At the top of the income distribution, our research shows that marginal tax rates can be raised without sacrificing economic growth.
24858 It is clear that we have entered recession,
24859 it is absolutely necessary to cushion the world's largest economy against an abrupt drop the economic activities.
24860 That's where the idea of creating ongoing opportunities for everyone to continue to donate comes in.
24861 The quality of life is improving. It's improving in the nation. It's improving in the state. It's improving right here on the Central Coast. Americans have never had it so good.
24862 We have the lowest cost base in Mexico
24863 We now guesstimate that second quarter GDP will drop at a 10% annualized rate, after a 2% fall in Q1. We look for a 6% rebound in the third quarter and 4% on the fourth, but that won't recover all the lost ground and we think GDP will fall by about 1% across the year as a whole. Congress needs now to step up, in real size.
24864 The proportion of positive tests continues to rise [ in the US ]. Yesterday, 18.3% of test results were positive, up from 15.0% a week ago; wider testing is uncovering more cases. If testing numbers increase from the current c100K per day, the rate of growth of cases could rise; the downtrend... is not certain to continue,
24865 Payrolls rarely drop as much as claims rise, because claims tell us nothing about gross hirings, and often people who lose a job and make a claim then quickly find a new position. This time, though, we expect most of the people who have made claims to hit the payroll number, because even the regular pace of gross hiring -- which isn't happening right now - would be trivial compared the scale of the losses,
24866 We can't rule out some sort of grand-scale attack, but an array of smaller-scale activity is our core bet,
24867 depending on the extent to which the emergence of warmer weather slows the spread, but even in the best case scenario it will take time for spending to return to normal.
24868 catch, bin it, kill it
24869 Martin was a strong critic of tighter intellectual property rights, particularly through trade agreements, that restricted the transfer of the technologies developing countries needed to help in the fight against rising global temperatures and to mitigate the climate damage they were already experiencing.
24870 The world is facing a medical emergency that monetary and fiscal policy cannot fix,
24871 We have been buying back our stock. We think it's an incredible deal. It's basically gone on clearance sale in the past few days and we think it's an enormous, it's a fantastic investment and it reduces the number of outstanding shares or otherwise known as partners we have to share our very good profits with.
24872 Subscription revenues, made up of cloud services and license support revenue, grew 5% in constant currency. These consistently growing and recurring subscription revenues now account for 71% of total company revenues, thus enabling a sequential increase in our operating margin, and double-digit non-GAAP earnings per share growth in the third quarter.
24873 We have to look at everything because we're not winning so if you're not winning, you have to assess everything. I think anybody would want to do that and probably in the next month or so, we're going to get together as an organization and just discuss things.
24874 Well, that costs us $30,000 to $40,000 a pop, so why are we spending this money?
24875 China is such an important supplier and manufacturing hub, and many goods depend critically on the supplies from those regions that have been affected.
24876 a major interruption in innovation and new ideas. Research will slow to a crawl as thousands of companies shut down and then cope with their own revenue decline. That stretch of lost innovation will reduce the nation's future productivity growth,
24877 Additional work will need to be undertaken in order to test the conceptual study's findings, but the initial results indicate that Toral should have limited impact on the local water conditions and that it does not suffer from any significant water issues that could impact on the future economic development of the project.
24878 After Fourth Quarter Examinations have been taken, any further school requirements shall as far as practicable be done as home-based assignments,
24879 Because things are calming down in certain places [ and ] in the schools which we believe can already be reopened, classes can be resumed starting February 3,
24880 ' Yung precision in the use of the word `do not know how to read,' hindi ibig sabihing no read, no write kasi may mga kategorya iyan eh -- Nakakabasa pero hindi lubos na nakakaintindi. So iba' t-ibang level iyan,
24881 and that vacuum will be filled by bad guys.
24882 Deeds have to conform your words. You cannot have it both ways. You cannot prevent access to medical supplies and medicine and food, and at the same time you say that you are ready to assist.
24883 How could a university that's supposedly educating tomorrow's citizens and leaders actually invest in and finance the fossil fuel industry and global warming?
24884 I'm a strong believer in the separation of responsibilities,
24885 If evidence builds that the weakness in activity could persist, risk management considerations would favor a relatively prompt response,
24886 slow-burning crisis is making it more difficult to act
24887 will explore these issues over coming months
24888 Today is all about action, the actions that the private sector can take to support a whole economy transition, the actions that regulators, governments and countries can take that will catalyse and amplify your actions, the actions that people are demanding and that future generations deserve.
24889 it could make t he Catalan conflict become an internal matter in the eyes of the international community.
24890 It is crucial to adopt measures to mitigate the effects of this public health situation on the ability of companies and families to continue to be able to guarantee the payment of their (credit) responsibilities,
24891 really provides a defensible, economic estimate of the value of wetlands for this one purpose,
24892 regardless of the Palestinian issue.
24893 The exchange of opinions took place on problems of settling crises and conflict situations in the Middle East and Africa with the focus on tasks of supporting stability in Darfur and South Sudan,
24894 The CD&RR continues to transition technologies from the JMR-TD effort to the FLRAA weapons system design.
24895 the depth of the current downturn can be seen as a springboard for a strong snapback in growth,
24896 This study found that nearly 90 percent of people evicted become homeless and that people of color were disproportionately, in fact, overwhelmingly were the ones who were evicted,
24897 Now, more than ever, this city's politicians need to tax big business to address the unprecedented economic collapse working families are now facing,
24898 Countries also differ in other important characteristics such as prevalence of pre-existing conditions, quality and capacity of the health system and phase of the epidemic they are in,
24899 In India, we don't allow patenting seeds. Yet they claim a patent here.
24900 People are cooped up, they're lonely, they're not getting very much face-to-face socializing, and they are going to be excited to return to restaurants and movie theaters and bars and to go shopping at the mall and to go to Disneyland, but if they've depleted all their savings, if they've ruined their credit scores, if they've declared bankruptcy, then they won't be able to afford those things,
24901 People on the left... saying this is great, people on the right... wanting to help the middle class; those who like the administrative simplicity of it; and then people who realise time is of the essence.
24902 the bulk of the deals, but that's not the bulk of the money,
24903 The truth is that we secured a successful diplomatic outcome just four years ago with the signing of the Iran Nuclear Deal,
24904 Today our committee will discuss the importance of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board, an independent federal agency charged with investigating industrial chemical accidents. The board has investigated everything from the BP Oil spill, to fatal refinery accidents, to the chemical explosions caused by flooding during Hurricane Harvey in 2017.
24905 This agreement also includes significant new wins for coastal states, including binding provisions around overfishing, marine debris, and conservation of marine species.
24906 The World Bank Group is committed to a fast, flexible response based on the needs of developing countries. Support operations are already underway, and the expanded funding tools approved today will help sustain economies, companies, and jobs.
24907 I really wanted to see a Jewish superhero on screen and have a Jewish person play that. It felt like the right thing to do,
24908 In this solemn moment, friends and colleagues of Dr Pachauri are invited to share their remembrances, including photos, at rkp-memoriam@teri.res.in,
24909 It can come off as sounding like voodoo,
24910 It cuts off the abuse that has been identified with the subsidy. The second point is we want some kind of voucher system or cash transfer system that will just do that, which is targeted at the beneficiary.
24911 The financial industry must play the role of opening the sluice so the accumulated resources can be used to enhance our growth engine,
24912 Truncation of my speech to twist my words is an offence under the Law.
24913 The Uttarakhand Government has got a new law passed by the Assembly. On the face of it, one can say that it is unconstitutional. Many sadhus came to see me to ask me to file a PIL. Will consider.
24914 The court is left with a distinct impression... that this is perhaps a textbook example of a `political interest litigation' dressed up as a PIL.
24915 Union of India to engage Geological Survey of India and Archeological Survey of India to conduct a detailed survey in respect to Ram Setu as an Ancient Monument of National Importance.
24916 India is full of potential and talent. Our expert minds are going in foreign countries and achieving big milestones in technology, research and other areas. We have lost our resources and they have to be brought back,
24917 You're messing with us now,
24918 She ain't getting off that lightly ha ha,
24919 In the current situation, this will help to protect yourself and your loved-ones. I ask the leaders of Russia's Federal Subjects to pay attention to the experience of their colleagues and to work out the possibility of introducing such measures in their regions.
24920 We can see everything bought everywhere.
24921 It is very likely this year the global economy will experience its worst recession since the Great Depression, surpassing that seen during the global financial crisis a decade ago. `The Great Lockdown' , as one might call it, is projected to shrink global growth dramatically.
24922 This is a crisis where the economic shock is something that is not exactly controlled by economic policy
24923 It's true that the public has been now very well trained to expect instant service.
24924 Men found him obnoxious but he had a great capacity for attracting women.
24925 There are so many outfits like these in different states... they should be targeted the same way we target the RSS,
24926 No, that will not work.
24927 The good news appears to be that there is recognition that what matters is human outcomes and climate outcomes, not budgetary outcomes,
24928 Write a budget with the intent of improving public well-being.
24929 Therefore, they are seen as being more responsible for their actions.
24930 This idea we're going to restart everything soon enough in a week or so is totally nuts,
24931 We just think it's too early to put risk on, given some of the significant risks that are both with the progression of the disease and the negative effects of financial conditions tightening and the policy response is not quite being there yet,
24932 which is not necessarily that pristine isolated place, but can also be a slum where people live together,
24933 Your life, your year is organized around this tax refund. You organize your financial year around getting a tax refund,
24934 And we should not worry about a fiscal deficit target being higher than what has been announced. Because this is much more important. You know if there is security matter or something then you spend money more,
24935 Congress and Treasury have decided to cast the Fed as the only balance sheet large enough
24936 From the beginning we were being advised by public health experts, public policy makers nationally who were providing advice,
24937 This was not an easy decision to make and was made in consultation with public health experts and lawmakers from both parties,
24938 It's just never something that's interested me before, but, you know, they walk differently than we do.
24939 Neither party were naked but in a state of partial undress, in terms of buttons or whatever. It shouldn't have happened but both of us agreed it would be put behind us.
24940 people living out of each other's pockets
24941 put my left arm around her to get her to tell me what was wrong
24942 A married, avowedly Christian man is revealed as a creep.
24943 The environment will play a particularly important role during this meeting.
24944 If we go too fast there could be a counterreaction.
24945 Tom and I were always fascinated by Shackleton as a leader and his contagious optimism and absolute belief in his team,
24946 Here we do things with excellence,
24947 I'm not saying that the door is not open to an interest rate cut, obviously it is, it is open,
24948 Numbers in the coming weeks will show just how hard the housing market was hit, but I am optimistic that the upcoming stimulus package will lessen the economic damage, and we may get a V-shaped robust recovery later in the year... Once this predicament is behind us and the habit of social distancing is respected, I'm encouraged there will be continued home transactions though with more virtual tours, electronic signatures, and external home appraisals.
24949 Once you have that kind of experience, it does give you confidence that maybe you can do almost anything you want,
24950 One, even if this Saudi-Russia agreement would take place, and people talk about the 10 million barrels per day production cut, this will not be enough to address the big problem we are facing.
24951 It's very important that we launch sustainable stimulus packages, focused on clean energy technologies.
24952 The European Investment Bank is pleased to work with DEPA to support our shared goals of enabling Green Shipping in Greek and international waters. The new EIB financed vessel will provide an alternative fuel for ships in the Aegean and Eastern Mediterranean.
24953 their advice has fallen on deaf years
24954 We want people to have health insurance -- so that the sick can get treated and so that other people can be safe, too.
24955 We're confident that the CZI partnership will spread awareness and help FCF continue to pursue its mission of finding a cure for this disease.
24956 worried about baboons breaking into the villa
24957 Azercosmos is the only satellite operator in the Caucasus, and its Ground Station is located in a very strategic position, in the spot where East meets West. That is why integrating the StellarStation platform with the Ground Station will create an excellent condition for organizations to get secure access to the satellites that pass over our coverage area.
24958 If not, I'm going to have to move to Canada,
24959 in increasingly good shape with good levels of diversification and varied catalysts.
24960 In late 2016, SCUF went through a rigorous process to select the right strategic private equity partner. Three years later, I can happily say that our decision to partner with H.I.G. Growth Partners was the right decision. From the outset, Evan, John, and the rest of the H.I.G. team helped us grow and mature SCUF in a meaningful way by not only investing in the business, but also advising on aspects of operations, finance, and strategy. Their experience proved a great sounding board for me and my management team, and I am grateful for the experiences and successes we shared,
24961 Our [ overseas ] players are ready to return anytime. They are keen to finish on a high and if there is a possibility of rescheduling the PSL, we support it. There are commercial elements involved as well, so those remaining three games are very important.
24962 The FAI was a hornet's nest and it came up to bite us pretty quickly
24963 The problem is that most of these people, if they're new buyers are buying for self-defense, that means they'll store them badly,
24964 For 25 years, I've never told doctoral students that they should become a gun researcher because they couldn't make a living. So we've lost a generation of researchers,
24965 There might be some additional struggles in some banking systems and for some banks around the world.
24966 This is a really ambitious proposal for 406 homes using modern methods of construction, and the quality design of these homes really reflects our ambition to deliver outstanding places.
24967 This is indeed the largest dollar social bond transaction to date in capital markets. We are here for Africa, and we will provide significant rapid support for countries.
24968 tidal waves of change in the global economic ocean.
24969 I do not enjoy managing people, and they do not enjoy being managed by me.
24970 I told her, `It's two blocks this way.' I know it really well now,
24971 Journalists, particularly business journalists, get attacked all the time from CEO's and very powerful people when they write something the powerful person doesn't like,
24972 monetary policy has a meaningful role to play, it's unlikely to be sufficient in the years ahead,
24973 But I am worried that the outcome will be worse.
24974 so much of the trans stories are written from a cis perspective
24975 The acquisition provides us with an advanced, operating Bitcoin mining facility ready to transition to next-generation mining hardware with access to some of the lowest-cost electricity on the planet,
24976 the basis of the classification should be religion
24977 The last person on earth whose thoughts we need now is Bernanke,
24978 The most harmful were the increase in the capital gains tax from 15 to 20 percent, the increase in top bracket income from 35 to 39.6 percent, and the new tax of 3.8 percent on investment income in the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The massive increase in regulatory burden through the ACA and Dodd-Frank bills are also crushing, but unfortunately are harder to measure.
24979 These are the workers on the front lines of extracting a suite of products that put gas in your car, heat your home and transport your food, among many other vital things in our modern economy.
24980 But that's not to say that under $40 is going to be easy to take.
24981 These low interest rates are telling us that the funds available for private investment aren't especially scarce, so the costs we traditionally associate with high government debt aren't as high as previously thought,
24982 They used to be thought of as too high-risk and so had no market to sell to; now they're developing because there's demand domestically.
24983 We estimate that by summer, 14 million workers will lost their jobs due to the coronavirus shock,
24984 While the US tried to ensure that China respects trade accords, copyright laws and human rights issues, its European and Japanese allies chose to `observe the fire from the other side of the river,
24985 chairman FBR Shabbar Zaidi is a very professional person, however, he is ill. We want him back in office soon
24986 Has anyone taken such a decision before?
24987 The people of Bremen are enormously attached to their local brands, and it's not just the beer we're talking about here. Products from the region are first choice, and the connection to the city and everything that goes with it is exceptionally high. More than 85 percent of those surveyed from Bremen stated that they pay attention to the regional factor when buying fresh milk
24988 There is no European solidarity,
24989 to the tune of a USD 50 billion fall in exports across the world.
24990 Traditionally, the RBA has been the focus for that kind of pressure, but if the cash rate is effectively at zero then there'll be a lot more explicit pressure on the government from here on in.
24991 What you want to avoid is a situation where... the shareholders and the senior management get all the upside when times are good but then when times are bad, the taxpayer bails them out. That's not, I think, tolerable to the broader community.
24992 I haven't seen anything in the Trump agenda that concerns itself with people getting paid well or benefits,
24993 If the US can go after a high-level military enemy from the air with drones and kill him, it means that the US can go after any of their political and military enemies in the same way. At some point, it could be Putin's turn.
24994 In March 2015 non-performing assets of the LIC or the riskbased loans stood at Rs 12, 213 cr, in September 2019 it grew to Rs 30,000 cr. It's a quantum jump; thus, the company is being ruined. Moreover, to top it all, the greatest danger lurks in the way the money from LIC is being forcefully channelised for divestment of public sector undertakings such as BHEL Rs 2,085 cr, coal India Rs 7,000 cr. Their shares were being bought by diverting LIC money thus clearing the decks for the privatisation of LIC.
24995 It will take a couple more weeks to really assess what the impact will be.
24996 We are finally at the end of a very long recovery-but wages have risen nowhere near as fast as housing and rental prices.
24997 Even if rebalancing does not increase returns, it reduces risk.
24998 Galileo ran afoul of the Inquisition in 1633 when he was found `vehemently suspect of heresy.' ... One might think that being this profoundly wrong about something well outside the realm of theology would cause the magisterium, and the pope specifically, to tread very carefully even 386 years later. But one would be wrong. Because here comes Pope Francis yet again, offering economic opinions from the bulliest of pulpits about something he understands no better than a garden-variety college freshman.... According to the pontiff, `the logic of the market' keeps people hungry. But `the market' has no logic. The market isn't a thing, let alone a sentient thing. `The market' is the sum total of individual interactions among billions of people.... Whenever a trade occurs, both sides are better off for having made it. We know this because if they weren't, the trade wouldn't occur.... Not surprisingly to anyone but perhaps Pope Francis, some of the first financial speculation in which humans ever engaged involved food. Financial speculation and its more evolved cousins, options and futures contracts, evolved precisely as a means to fight hunger.... speculators took some of the risk of price fluctuations off the backs of farmers, and this made it possible for farmers to plant more food.
24999 But it's not like there's a gun to our heads.
25000 It reminds me a lot of the early' 99. Early'99 we had 1.6% PCE, 2.3% CPI. We have the exact same metrics today. The difference is fed funds rate 4.75% today 1.62%, and back then we had budget surplus and we've got a 5% budget deficit... Crazy times.
25001 not your conventional economist; he was that rare creature, a public intellectual.
25002 The costs are expected to exceed anything known in Germany, from economic crises to natural disasters in recent decades,
25003 The misconduct of some corporations can be punished through related laws. But the idea that the government will use the national pension fund to sanction companies does not serve its original purpose,
25004 We want to make sure that the situation is different than the crisis in 1998 and in 2008 as the banking industry remains healthy with low levels of non-performing loans and good financial market conditions,
25005 cannot afford to lose a single Republican vote,
25006 I believe [ her vision ] can help to think about the future,
25007 I do think it will hurt consumer spending.
25008 I was only two years old when the second world war was over, and in my lifetime I've never seen something like this,
25009 In a society where the discount rate is negative -- how do you explain it?,
25010 Speeding up the clearing of the C-Band will add to those costs but, at the same time, create value by bringing profits forward in time. By increasing expected profits, accelerated clearing should raise auction proceeds,
25011 The better-resourced universities are in a better position to make the choice of shifting from in-person to online. They have greater access to IT resources, and many of them have centers for teaching and learning with support staff who can help faculty think about how to do that relatively quickly with short notice,
25012 The goal of these changes is to minimize the need to gather in large groups and spend prolonged time in close proximity with each other in spaces such as classrooms, dining halls, and residential buildings.
25013 We want to extend our activities in Asia, in Africa, in other parts of the world, but Athens will be the focal point for our next activity.
25014 It was down, down, down, and then it turned on a dime.
25015 On changes to certain statutory acts regarding the circulation of agricultural lands
25016 We are in that privileged position of being able to retire him when he was still up with the top of the sprinters around,
25017 No new office, no iPad -- just democracy in action!
25018 The administrative simplicity means that we don't need so many people working in private health insurance, and people working in providers office and hospitals engaged in administration, and it's the biggest single source of savings,
25019 There are little substitutes when you think about it,
25020 This is really the last nail in the coffin of the Hong Kong economy,
25021 When he learned that he does not have enough time, he did not think about himself. Rather, he was talking about taking Brac to 25 crore people by 2030,
